(2010). "Prevalence of Abuse and Intimate Partner Violence Surgical Evaluation (P.R.A.I.S.E.): rationale and design of a multi-center cross-sectional study." BMC Musculoskeletal Disorders 11(77): (23 A-(23 A.
	Background: Intimate partner violence (IPV) is described by the American Medical Association as "a pattern of coercive behaviors that may include repeated battering and injury, psychological abuse, sexual assault, progressive social isolation, deprivation, and intimidation." The long-term consequences of IPV include health risks, posttraumatic stress disorder, depression, and staggering economic costs for health care of victims. Intimate partner violence is often underreported among women who seek medical attention. The current study seeks to address the issue of possible underreporting of IPV in orthopaedic fracture clinics by establishing prevalence rates of IPV among women seeking treatment for musculoskeletal injuries. Methods: We propose a cross-sectional multicenter study wherein 3,600 women will complete a self-reported written questionnaire across clinical sites in North America, Europe, and Australia. Recruitment of participants will take place at orthopaedic fracture clinics at each clinical site. The questionnaire will contain a validated set of questions used to screen for IPV, as well as questions that pertain to the participant's demographic, injury characteristics, and experiences with health care utilization. Female patients presenting to the orthopaedic fracture clinics will complete two validated self-reported written questionnaires (Woman Abuse Screening Tool (WAST) and the Partner Violence Screen (PVS)) to determine the prevalence of IPV in the past 12 months and in their lifetime. The two questionnaires were designed for rapid assessment of IPV status in emergency departments, family practice, and women's health clinics that we believe are similar to our intended setting of an orthopaedic clinic. Discussion: If the prevalence of IPV among women attending orthopaedic clinics is greater than the current perceptions of orthopaedic surgeons, this study will serve to advocate for the continued education of medical professionals to better recognize probable IPV cases and offer existing services to enhance the care of these patients.

Aaltonen, M., et al. (2012). "Socioeconomic differences in violent victimization: Exploring the impact of data source and the inclusivity of the violence concept." European Journal of Criminology 9(6): 567-583.
	Research on socioeconomic differences in violent victimization has relied on surveys. Nationally representative register-based data sets, increasingly used in Nordic criminology, have not been used in such research. We analyse socioeconomic differences in violent victimization in Finland using both survey and register-based data, and assess whether these differences vary by severity of violence. The results show that the data source and the inclusivity of the definition of violence affect the observed socioeconomic differences, with differentials being larger for more severe violence in both data sets and in register rather than in survey data. We conclude that the link between socioeconomic status and victimization is unquestionable when the risk of severe violence is studied. [Reprinted by permission of Sage Publications, Ltd., copyright holder.]

Aaltonen, M., et al. (2012). "Socioeconomic differences in violent victimization: Exploring the impact of data source and the inclusivity of the violence concept." European Journal of Criminology 9(6): 567-583.
	Research on socioeconomic differences in violent victimization has relied on surveys. Nationally representative register-based data sets, increasingly used in Nordic criminology, have not been used in such research. We analyse socioeconomic differences in violent victimization in Finland using both survey and register-based data, and assess whether these differences vary by severity of violence. The results show that the data source and the inclusivity of the definition of violence affect the observed socioeconomic differences, with differentials being larger for more severe violence in both data sets and in register rather than in survey data. We conclude that the link between socioeconomic status and victimization is unquestionable when the risk of severe violence is studied. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of European Journal of Criminology is the property of Sage Publications, Ltd. and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Abadie, R., et al. (2018). "Establishing trust in HIV/HCV research among people who inject drugs (PWID): insights from empirical research." PLoS ONE 13(12): e0208410-e0208410.
	Background: The establishment of trust between researchers and participants is critical to advance HIV and HCV prevention particularly among people who inject drugs (PWID) and other marginalized populations, yet empirical research on how to establish and maintain trust in the course of community health research is lacking. This paper documents ideas about trust between research participants and researchers amongst a sub-sample of PWID who were enrolled in a large, multi-year community health study of social networks and HIV/HCV risk that was recently conducted in rural Puerto Rico. Methods: Qualitative research was nested within a multi-year Social Network and HIV/HCV Risk study involving N=360 PWID &gt;18 years of age living in four small, rural Puerto Rican communities. Semi-structured interviews were conducted between March 2017 and April 2017 with a subset of 40 active PWID who had been enrolled in the parent study. Interview questions invited participants to draw upon their recent experience as research participants to better understand how PWID perceive and understand participant-researcher trust within the context of HIV/HCV-related epidemiological research. Results: Fear of police, stigma and concerns regarding confidentiality and anonymity were identified as structural factors that could compromise participation in HIV/HCV-related research for PWID. While monetary compensation was an important motivation, participants also valued the opportunity to learn about their HIV/HCV status. During their participation in the study, gaining knowledge of safe injection practices was perceived as a valuable benefit. Participant narratives suggested that PWID may adopt an incremental and ongoing approach in their assessment of the trustworthiness of researchers, continuously assessing the extent to which they trust the research staff throughout the course of the research. Trust was initially generated through peer Respondent Driven Sampling recruitment. Research staff who maintained a presence in the community for the entire duration of the prospective study reinforced trust between participants and the research team. Conclusion: Although PWID face numerous structural barriers to research-related trust in HIV/HCV research, we found that using a peer-based recruitment method like RDS, and employing a research staff who are knowledgeable about the targeted population, culturally sensitive to their needs, and who maintain a long-term presence in the community may help mitigate many of these barriers. The reputation of the research is built incrementally as participants join the study. This contributes to a "street reputation" that grows as current or former participants vouch for the study. Establishing trust was identified as only the first step towards building a collaborative relationship with participants, and our findings suggest that steps to address criminalization and stigmatization also are necessary to support research trust.

Abasiubong, F., et al. (2014). "Pattern of psychoactive substance use in the Northern Region of Nigeria." African Journal of Drug and Alcohol Studies 13(2): 107-115.
	Recent events in Nigeria seem to suggest that young people are being indoctrinated and used under the influence of psychoactive substances to perpetrate various crimes including terrorism. There is need to examine and control use of these substances in order to prevent escalation of these social maladies. The purpose of this study was to assess the pattern of psychoactive substance use among inmates at Kiru Rehabilitation Centre, Kano in the North Central Region of Nigeria, to determine the extent of their involvement. A total of 148 male inmates completed a modified form of 117-item self-report instrument based on the World Health Organization guidelines for students' substance-use surveys. The mean age of the inmates was 23.7±3.9 years. A total of 58.9% had primary school and below level of education; 14.9% were school dropped-out; 29.1% unemployed; while 65.9% were engaged in menial jobs. The lifetime prevalence of psychoactive substance use was 47.4%. Current use prevalence of more than one substance was 54.6%. Ready available substances were consumed more and the potent habit-forming ones like Cocaine and Heroin were used more than alcohol. Uses of inhalants were also on the increase. Reasons for use of substances were ready availability, feeling high, enhancing performance and unidentified personal problems. This study has shown that psychoactive substances are commonly used and abused, especially among the uneducated youths in the Northern part of Nigeria. There is need for massive enlightenment campaigns to increase awareness and strategies aimed at discouraging youths from indulging in substances.

Abdirahman, H., et al. (2013). "Parental involvement and bullying among middleschool students in North Africa." Eastern Mediterranean Health Journal 19(3): 227-233.
	Bullying, especially in developing countries, has not been much examined, especially the influence of parents on the risk of being bullied. The aim of this study was to determine whether active parenting is associated with reduced peer victimization among middle-school students in North Africa. A secondary analysis of data from more than 13 000 middle-school students who participated in the Global School-based Student Health Survey (GSHS) in Egypt, Libya, Morocco and Tunisia between 2006 and 2008, was conducted using multiple logistic regression models. About 60% of students in Egypt and one-third of students in Libya, Morocco and Tunisia reported having been bullied in the past month. In all 4 countries, boys reported more peer victimization than girls. In Egypt, Morocco and Tunisia, students who reported that their parents checked their homework, were understanding, and knew how the student spent free time had a reduced likelihood of peer victimization but this association was not significant in Libya. Interventions for reducing bullying should consider the positive impact of involved parents.

Abebe Mengesha, A., et al. (2014). "Epidemiological survey of snake bite in Ethiopia." Epidemiology: Open Access 4(4): 174-174.
	Background: The burden of snake bite in Ethiopia is not known, perhaps due to underreporting, and is difficult to estimate the number of victims because they do not seek medical treatment in government dispensaries. Thus this study aims to indicate the overall magnitude of the problem. Material and Methods: The study covers 76 health facilities in 8 regional states. For epidemiological and clinical data, health facilities and health professionals were visited to collect retrospective data. Community elders and traditional healers were also consulted for further information. Result: 949 snake bite cases were identified, where the highest number (244) observed in Oromia regional state. Males are the dominant victims (68.7%). More than 75% of the victims were aged 16-45, where the greatest incidence of snake bite occurred in those aged 21-30 years (32.9%) followed by those aged 11-20 years old (22.4%). Only 5.2% of anti-venom was available in 4 regional states. Conclusion: Snake bite in Ethiopia is a public health problem and the lack of anti-venom makes things worse. There is insufficient knowledge, skill and experience of how to treat snake bite victims. Registration system is identified as one of the big problems to address the burden of the victims. Therefore it is recommended that training package should be given to health professionals on first-aid and preventive measures, case documentation and reporting. A change of attitude on traditional knowledge by training or awareness should be provided to traditional healers and community elders. Furthermore, the government should take urgent measures to ensure the sustainable availability of antivenom.

Abida, S., et al. (2016). "Willingness and perception about blood donation in residents of Rawalpindi City." Pakistan Journal of Public Health 6(3): 44-48.
	Background: Blood has always held mysterious fascination for all and is considered to be the living force of our body. It is estimated that donation by 1% of the population (10 per 1000 population) is generally the minimum needed to meet a nation's most basic requirements for blood. All around the world that there is serious mismatch between demand and availability of blood. Lack of knowledge and facilities, fear, religious, socioeconomic and cultural factors, influence willingness of people to donate blood. Objective: To assess the willingness to donate blood voluntarily to blood bank, and perception about blood donation of residents of Rawalpindi. Also to find percentage of residents of Rawalpindi who had ever donated blood. Study design: A cross-sectional survey done in Rawalpindi city, in duration of one month. Subjects and methods: A cross-sectional survey was done on residents of Rawalpindi in a period of one month, May 2015. 119 study subjects were surveyed using close-ended questionnaire. The questions asked were about their age, gender, education, occupation, willingness to donate blood and perception about blood donation in terms of social obligation and effect on health. Willingness and perception was compared in relation to age, gender, education and occupation of subjects. Results: 70% people were willing to donate blood voluntarily to blood bank. But 36.1% had donated blood previously in life. Majority persons (82.35%) perceived it as a beneficial thing for health and 91.6% considered it a social obligation. 81.5% respondents said that there are no bad effects of blood. More males and young respondents were seen to be willing for blood donation. Conclusion: Many people were willing to donate blood regarding it a social obligation and for helping others but some of them had practically donated blood due to fears of anemia and weakness mostly.

Abramsky, T., et al. (2016). "The impact of SASA!, A community mobilisation intervention, on women's experiences of intimate partner violence: secondary findings from a cluster randomised trial in Kampala, Uganda." Journal of Epidemiology & Community Health 70(8): 818-825.
	Background: Intimate partner violence (IPV) is a global public health and human rights concern, though there is limited evidence on how to prevent it. This secondary analysis of data from the SASA! Study assesses the potential of a community mobilisation IPV prevention intervention to reduce overall prevalence of IPV, new onset of abuse (primary prevention) and continuation of prior abuse (secondary prevention). Methods: A pair-matched cluster randomised controlled trial was conducted in 8 communities (4 intervention, 4 control) in Kampala, Uganda (2007-2012). Cross-sectional surveys of community members, 18-49 years old, were undertaken at baseline (n=1583) and 4 years postintervention implementation (n=2532). Outcomes relate to women's past year experiences of physical and sexual IPV, emotional aggression, controlling behaviours and fear of partner. An adjusted cluster-level intention-to-treat analysis compared outcomes in intervention and control communities at follow-up. Results: At follow-up, all types of IPV (including severe forms of each) were lower in intervention communities compared with control communities. SASA! was associated with lower onset of abuse and lower continuation of prior abuse. Statistically significant effects were observed for continued physical IPV (adjusted risk ratio 0.42, 95% CI 0.18 to 0.96); continued sexual IPV (0.68, 0.53 to 0.87); continued emotional aggression (0.68, 0.52 to 0.89); continued fear of partner (0.67, 0.51 to 0.89); and new onset of controlling behaviours (0.38, 0.23 to 0.62). Conclusions: Community mobilisation is an effective means for both primary and secondary prevention of IPV. Further support should be given to the replication and scale up of SASA! and other similar interventions.

Abuya, T., et al. (2015). "Exploring the prevalence of disrespect and abuse during childbirth in Kenya." PLoS ONE 10(4): e0123606-e0123606.
	Background: Poor quality of care including fear of disrespect and abuse (D&A) perpetuated by health workers influences women's decisions to seek maternity care. Key manifestations of D&A include: physical abuse, non-consented care, non-confidential care, non-dignified care, discrimination, abandonment, and detention in facilities. This paper describes manifestations of D&A experienced in Kenya and measures their prevalence. Methods: This paper is based on baseline data collected during a before-and-after study designed to measure the effect of a package of interventions to reduce the prevalence of D&A experienced by women during labor and delivery in thirteen Kenyan health facilities. Data were collected through an exit survey of 641 women discharged from postnatal wards. We present percentages of D&A manifestations and odds ratios of its relationship with demographic characteristics using a multivariate fixed effects logistic regression model. Results: Twenty percent of women reported any form of D&A. Manifestations of D&A includes: non-confidential care (8.5%), non-dignified care (18%), neglect or abandonment (14.3%), Non-consensual care (4.3%) physical abuse (4.2%) and, detainment for non-payment of fees (8.1). Women aged 20-29 years were less likely to experience non-confidential care compared to those under 19; OR: [0.6 95% CI (0.36, 0.90); p=0.017]. Clients with no companion during delivery were less likely to experience inappropriate demands for payment; OR: [0.49 (0.26, 0.95); p=0.037]; while women with higher parities were three times more likely to be detained for lack of payment and five times more likely to be bribed compared to those experiencing there first birth. Conclusion: One out of five women experienced feeling humiliated during labor and delivery. Six categories of D&A during childbirth in Kenya were reported. Understanding the prevalence of D&A is critical in developing interventions at national, health facility and community levels to address the factors and drivers that influence D&A in facilities and to encourage clients' future facility utilization.

Adalja, A. and E. Lichtenberg (2018). "Implementation challenges of the Food Safety Modernization Act: evidence from a national survey of produce growers." Food Control 89: 62-71.
	The Produce Rule implementing the Food Safety Modernization Act establishes on-farm standards for agricultural water, animal-based soil amendments, domesticated and wild animal intrusion, employee health and hygiene, and building and equipment sanitation. Many produce growers fear that the Rule will require extensive operational changes that may hamper their competitiveness. We use data from an original national survey of fruit and vegetable growers to estimate current usage of food safety practices - and thus the likely extent of change - required by the Produce Rule among growers falling into the size classes specified by the Rule, among growers self-identifying as sustainable, and among growers of different types of crops (vegetables, berries, fruits and tree nuts). We find that the Rule will require changes in all food safety practices for at least some produce growers. The greatest degree of change affects a handful of food safety practices: water sampling and testing, field inspections, building sanitation, equipment and tool sanitization, and recordkeeping. Additionally, small and sustainable growers lag behind larger and conventional growers in adoption of many of the food safety practices required by the Produce Rule, such as sampling and testing, field inspections, employee sanitation and hygiene, and recordkeeping.

Adamus-Leach, H. J., et al. (2012). "Income differences in perceived neighborhood environment characteristics among African American women." Environmental Health Insights 6: 33-40.
	Perceptions of neighborhood attributes for physical activity may be influenced by individual level income. This study examined differences in perceptions of neighborhood attributes for walking and bicycling in high and low income African American women. African American women (n=388) aged 20-65 years completed the International Physical Activity Prevalence Study's Environmental Survey Module. Independent t-tests determined differences in perceptions of neighborhood attributes by income group. Principal component factor analysis explored differences in factor structure for survey items. Low income African American women perceived their neighborhood as being less safe with regard to crime and traffic, having fewer free recreational opportunities, and having more public transportation stops nearby. Survey items weighed differently on each factor between income groups. Household income should be taken into consideration when interpreting perceptions of neighborhood for physical activity in African American women.

Addington, L. A. (2013). "Reporting and Clearance of Cyberbullying Incidents: Applying “Offline” Theories to Online Victims." Journal of Contemporary Criminal Justice 29(4): 454-474.
	Cyberbullying continues to receive growing research attention, but much of this work focuses on prevalence estimates. Little is known about responses to these incidents. The present study relies on traditional theoretical explanations as a basis for modeling predictors for reporting to authorities and police clearance of cyberbullying using two national data sources. Initial support is obtained for the importance of incident seriousness and solvability characteristics for cyberbullying reporting and clearance. These findings suggest the utility of traditional theory to explain responses to cyberbullying, and also highlight a need for measures tailored to the cyber context to comprehensively test such models. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Journal of Contemporary Criminal Justice is the property of Sage Publications Inc. and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Addington, L. A. and J. L. Lauritsen (2018). "Is the Trouble Still Going On? Exploring Victims' Accounts of Why Repeat Violent and Property Victimization Ends." Violence & Victims 33(6): 1193-1208.
	Programs designed to reduce repeat property victimization tend to be more successful than those aimed at repeat violence. To help understand this pattern, we examine narrative data about repeat victimization obtained from victims participating in the National Crime Victimization Survey. Victims report numerous reasons for the end of repeat property and violent incidents, though the modal response for both types of crime included victim-initiated actions taken to reduce contact with offenders. Victims of repeat violence also noted the importance of legal actions, especially for ending victimizations that involve intimate partners. We discuss how research that capitalizes on victims' perspectives can improve our understanding of how these incidents end and help inform programs seeking to reduce repeat victimization. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Violence & Victims is the property of Springer Publishing Company, Inc. and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Adedeji, A. O., et al. (2010). "Why is there still rabies in Nigeria? - A review of the current and future trends in the epidemiology, prevention, treatment, control and possible elimination of rabies." British Journal of Dairy Sciences 1(1): 10-25.
	This study reports on why is there still rabies in Nigeria? Rabies is one of the most typical zoonosis that has been well known since ancient ages. Rabies is endemic in Nigeria and remains an important public health issue in Nigeria, W est Africa. It is the most important typical and zoonotic disease in the country. Public concern and fears are most focused on dogs as the source of rabies. Rabies is an acute infectious viral disease that attacks the nervous system, leaving victims suffering from convulsions, paralysis, excessive salivation and an aversion to water. There have been fewer than five known cases where recovery has occurred. Rabies kills an estimated 35,000 per year, mostly in Africa, Asia and Latin America. Its occurrence in man and domestic animals is well known but the importance of wild animals in its spread has not been determined. To date, no effective medical therapy has been established for overt rabies. Preventive vaccination against rabies virus is a highly effective method for preventing rabies in humans and animals. The rabies Post-Exposure Prophylaxis (PEP), which is a serial vaccination against rabies starting as soon as possible after the patient was bitten by a suspected rabid animal, is the only way to prevent death. In Nigeria where dog bites continue to be the main mode of transmission of the disease to man, it remains a serious public health hazard. Despite proper vaccination some animals do not reach the threshold. Contributing factors include human factors through increased human activities, attitudes, and error; socioeconomic factors through major ecologic, environmental and anthropogenic changes of the biosphere, changes in agricultural practices, poverty, hunting with dogs, and increasing demands for meat; animal factors (through animal importation, host population increase, migration of dogs, migration of stray animals, frequency of consumption of animal brain); and vaccines and vaccination factors (low vaccination coverage by increasing nonimmune population and factor contributing to vaccine failures) and other vaccine related problem. Therefore, the need for detailed epidemiological studies in Nigeria together with surveillance, control, the vaccination of human and animals, and accurate data collection and adequate reporting is emphasized.

Adlakha, D., et al. (2017). ""Can we walk?" Environmental supports for physical activity in India." Preventive medicine 103: S81-S89.
	India is currently facing a non-communicable disease epidemic. Physical activity (PA) is a preventative factor for non-communicable diseases. Understanding the role of the built environment (BE) to facilitate or constrain PA is essential for public health interventions to increase population PA. The objective of this study was to understand BEs associations with PA occurring in two major life domains or life areas - travel and leisure - in urban India. Between December 2014 and April 2015, in-person surveys were conducted with participants (N=370; female=47.2%) in Chennai, India. Perceived BE characteristics regarding residential density, land use mix-diversity, land use mix-access, street connectivity, infrastructure for walking and bicycling, aesthetics, traffic safety, and safety from crime were measured using the adapted Neighborhood Environment Walkability Scale-India (NEWS-India). Self-reported PA was measured the International Physical Activity Questionnaire. High residential density was associated with greater odds of travel PA (aOR=1.9, 95% CI=1.2, 3.2). Land use mix-diversity was positively related to travel PA (aOR=2.1, 95%CI=1.2, 3.6), but not associated with leisure or total PA. The aggregate NEWS-India score predicted a two-fold increase in odds of travel PA (aOR=1.9, 95% CI=1.1, 3.1) and a 40% decrease in odds of leisure PA (aOR=0.6, 95% CI=0.4, 1.0). However, the association of the aggregated score with leisure PA was not significant. Results suggest that relationships between BE and PA in low-and-middle income countries may be context-specific, and may differ markedly from higher income countries. Findings have public health implications for India suggesting that caution should be taken when translating evidence across countries.

Adoukonou, T., et al. (2015). "Sociocultural aspects of epilepsy in a rural community north Benin in 2011. / Aspects socioculturels de l'épilepsie dans une communauté rurale au nord Bénin en 2011." Bulletin de la Société de Pathologie Exotique 108(2): 133-138.
	Despite the development of knowledge in diagnosis and therapeutic of epilepsy it remains to be cause of rejection and stigma. We aimed to study the knowledge, attitude and practice toward epilepsy and the stigma in a rural community. The cross-sectional study was carried out from 1st to 31st March 2011 in a rural community (Tourou) at Parakou in the northern Benin. It was a door-to-door survey and included 1 031 adults older than 15 years. The diagnosis of epilepsy was based on International League Against Epilepsy. The specific questionnaire was used and comprised 16 items which explored knowledge, attitude and practice toward epilepsy. Another questionnaire was developed to study stigma among epileptics. The associated factors to the misconception toward epilepsy have been studied. All adults have heard about epilepsy and knew the generalized tonic-clonic form of epilepsy and knew someone with epilepsy. Hereditary (98%) and witchcraft (97.9%) and social problems (65.9%) were mentioned as the most cause of epilepsy. Epilepsy was cited as contagious disease by 90.6% of respondents and the associated factors were the sex (p=0.005) and occupational status (0.024). The saliva (98.1%) and witness of the place of seizure (97.8%) were the frequently mentioned modes of transmission. 65% of all mentioned that epileptics can not get marriage and the main associated factors to this belief were the advanced age (p=0.008) and occupational status (0.004). 64.4% believed that children with epilepsy shouldn't be attend to school, age (0.004), ethnicity (0.047) and occupational status were the associated factors with this misconception. Despite 99.4% considered epilepsy as treatable disease only 12.7% would have referred epileptics to the hospital. All the seven epileptics considered themselves as victims of stigma and rejected by their family and the community. The misconceptions associated to the epilepsy can explain the stigma and the therapeutic gap in this rural community.

Aebi, M. F. and A. Linde (2010). "Is There a Crime Drop in Western Europe?" European Journal on Criminal Policy & Research 16(4): 251-277.
	Combining data from police statistics and crime victim surveys, this article analyses the evolution of crime in Western Europe from 1988 to 2007. The results show that there is no general drop in crime. Property offences and homicide have been decreasing since the mid 1990s, while violent and drug offences have increased during the period under study. These trends highlight the limits of the explanations to the crime drop in the United States, which are based on the premise of a correlation in the evolution of all offences. The drop in property offences seems related to changes in the socioeconomic situation in Europe as well as to increases in security measures in households, and the reinforcement of private security. The increase in violent offences can be explained by the combination of several factors, including changes in youth's free time provoked by the development of the Internet, changing demographics, and the rise of episodic heavy alcohol consumption and street gangs. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of European Journal on Criminal Policy & Research is the property of Springer Nature and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Afolayan, J., et al. (2014). "Knowledge and attitude of Nigerian personnel working at Federal Medical Centre in Nigeria on carbon monoxide poisoning from electrical power generators." South African Family Practice 56(3): 178-181.
	Background: Private portable electrical power generators are common household items in Nigeria owing to inadequate electrical power provision for the public. These engines often run indoors, emitting poisonous carbon monoxide gas. Fatalities are commonly reported as a result of carbon monoxide inhalation. This study evaluated awareness of and attitudes towards the dangers of carbon monoxide poisoning in health personnel in a Nigerian referral hospital. Method: The study was carried out on personnel working at the Federal Medical Centre, Owo, Nigeria. The respondents were interviewed using a self-administered, semi-structured questionnaire. The obtained data were collated and analysed with SPSS®, version 16. Results: One hundred and seventy-six health workers participated, and 157 completed and returned the survey questionnaire (89.2% response rate). Of these, 95 respondents (60.5%) were informed about carbon monoxide poisoning and 62 (39.5%) were not. Moreover, 105 respondents (73.4%) had no idea of sources of carbon monoxide poisoning. Twenty-three of the 95 informed respondents (24.2%) had received information on carbon monoxide poisoning through the newspaper. Sixty-two respondents (39.5%) indicated that they preferred to run electrical generators indoors, and 89 (56.7%) could not recognise the physical properties of carbon monoxide. Potential damage by rain (72, 53.3%), and fear of theft (38, 24.8%) and destruction of the generators by children (14, 10.4%) were the supplied reasons for running generators indoors. Conclusion: The health-related dangers of carbon monoxide poisoning as a result of operating electrical generators indoors were poorly appreciated, even by health workers. There is a need for wider public education on the subject in Nigeria, and especially in the mass media and at schools and hospitals.

Afulani, P., et al. (2018). "Companionship during facility-based childbirth: results from a mixed-methods study with recently delivered women and providers in Kenya." BMC Pregnancy and Childbirth 18(150): (10 May 2018)-(2010 May 2018).
	Background: Research suggests that birth companionship, and in particular, continuous support during labor and delivery, can improve women's childbirth experience and birth outcomes. Yet, little is known about the extent to which birth companionship is practiced, as well as women and providers' perceptions of it in low-resource settings. This study aimed to assess the prevalence and determinants of birth companionship, and women and providers' perceptions of it in health facilities in a rural County in Western Kenya. Methods: We used quantitative and qualitative data from 3 sources: surveys with 877 women, 8 focus group discussions with 58 women, and in-depth interviews with 49 maternity providers in the County. Eligible women were 15 to 49 years old and delivered in the 9 weeks preceding the study. Results About 88% of women were accompanied by someone from their social network to the health facility during their childbirth, with 29% accompanied by a male partner. Sixty-seven percent were allowed continuous support during labor, but only 29% were allowed continuous support during delivery. Eighteen percent did not desire companionship during labor and 63% did not desire it during delivery. Literate, wealthy, and employed women, as well as women who delivered in health centers and did not experience birth complications, were more likely to be allowed continuous support during labor. Most women desired a companion during labor to attend to their needs. Reasons for not desiring companions included embarrassment and fear of gossip and abuse. Most providers recommended birth companionship, but stated that it is often not possible due to privacy concerns and other reasons mainly related to distrust of companions. Providers perceive companions' roles more in terms of assisting them with non-clinical tasks than providing emotional support to women. Conclusion: Although many women desire birth companionship, their desires differ across the labor and delivery continuum, with most desiring companionship during labor but not at the time of delivery. Most, however, don't get continuous support during labor and delivery. Interventions with women, companions, and providers, as well as structural and health system interventions, are needed to promote continuous support during labor and delivery.

Agbenorku, P., et al. (2011). "Epidemiological study of burns in Komfo Anokye Teaching Hospital, 2006-2009." Burns 37(7): 1259-1264.
	Aim: To identify and describe the patterns of burns reported at the Komfo Anokye Teaching Hospital (KATH) from 2006 to 2009 and their outcomes on the various age groups and genders. Methods: Patients' records from admission and discharge books of the Burns Intensive Care Unit, Polyclinic Casualty Consulting Rooms and from the Statistical Department of KATH were reviewed to obtain the necessary data for this retrospective study. Data entry and analysis were done by using SPSS version 17.0. Results: A total of 731 patients' records were reviewed, with male to female ratio of 1.2:1. The mean age was 15.83 years; range was 0-79 years. Children less than 10 years were the most frequently admitted group (53.5%). Most of the burns occurred in domestic settings (88.5%), whiles, majority of the burns were accidental (98.8%). Scalds (57.4%) were the most frequent cause of burns followed by open flame (38.2%). The mortality rate was 13.1% for the period under review. Majority (71.4%) of the patients spent less than 10 days on admission. The mean total body surface area (TBSA) was 24.79%, and there was significant correlation between TBSA, age group, outcome and duration of hospital admission. Conclusion: Children less than 10 years were the most vulnerable victims to burns; males dominated the number of victims. The commonest aetiological factor was scalds, with most of them related to inattention from parents. More dedicated burn surgeons and properly trained nurses are needed at KATH. Ambulance and pre-hospital services should be increased with adequate number of paramedics. Coordination between district hospitals and tertiary burn centres should also be established, for the proper transfer of burn cases to the tertiary burn centres, especially KATH.

Aguilar, J., et al. (2016). "Exploring the Science of Conducting Surveys for Studying Men&apos;s Sexual Assault Perpetration Behaviors." Journal of Aggression, Maltreatment & Trauma 25(1): 88-109.
	Focus groups were used to explore the most appropriate ways to conduct survey research about men's relationships with women and their sexual assault behaviors that result in high response rates and decrease socially desirable answers. A racially diverse group of 24 English-speaking heterosexual men, aged 18 years or older, were recruited for participation in 3 focus groups. The men were asked to review a survey instrument used in a previous study and the results from that study. Analysis of the focus group transcripts indicates that the men responded to the survey instrument from 3 distinct perspectives: (a) perpetrators, (b) victims, and (c) respondents. From these perspectives, the men also commented on participant anonymity, survey construction and delivery method, question wording, and potential pitfalls in asking men about sexual assault.

Aguilar, J., et al. (2016). "Exploring the Science of Conducting Surveys for Studying Men’s Sexual Assault Perpetration Behaviors." Journal of Aggression, Maltreatment & Trauma 25(1): 88-109.
	Focus groups were used to explore the most appropriate ways to conduct survey research about men’s relationships with women and their sexual assault behaviors that result in high response rates and decrease socially desirable answers. A racially diverse group of 24 English-speaking heterosexual men, aged 18 years or older, were recruited for participation in 3 focus groups. The men were asked to review a survey instrument used in a previous study and the results from that study. Analysis of the focus group transcripts indicates that the men responded to the survey instrument from 3 distinct perspectives: (a) perpetrators, (b) victims, and (c) respondents. From these perspectives, the men also commented on participant anonymity, survey construction and delivery method, question wording, and potential pitfalls in asking men about sexual assault. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Journal of Aggression, Maltreatment & Trauma is the property of Taylor & Francis Ltd and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Agyemang, A. N. O., et al. (2018). "Evaluation of onchocerciasis control in the Upper Denkyira East Municipal in the forest area of Ghana: responses of participants and distributors to the CDTI programme." Acta Tropica 185: 357-362.
	The African Programme for Onchocerciasis Control (APOC), which focused on annual mass treatment with ivermectin, was launched in 1995 and was replaced by the Expanded Special Project for Neglected Tropical Diseases (ESPEN) by the end of 2015. In Ghana, the Community Directed Treatment with Ivermectin (CDTI) was introduced in 1999. After a decade, biannual reinforcement was introduced during which the Ghana Health Service (GHS) recorded coverage rates through routine data collection. Transmission studies conducted in the Upper Denkyira East Municipal (UDEM) of the forest zone of Ghana in 2002 and 2006 had shown that annual treatments with ivermectin had hardly any effect on the transmission of Onchocerca volvulus by the vector Simulium sanctipauli. In order to establish whether or not this was due to an insufficient compliance to the CDTI programme, an additional questionnaire survey was carried out in 2013 following those conducted in 2002 and 2006. The repeat transmission survey conducted in 2013 in the same area revealed that the vector S. sanctipauli had apparently disappeared from the rivers Ofin and Pra due to gold mining activities. In 2006 and 2013, we conducted surveys using structured questionnaires to address issues related to compliance and to compare results on the effectiveness of CDTI. A total of 692 individuals from 7 villages and 447 individuals from 9 villages were interviewed in 2006 and 2013 respectively. Questions asked included whether or not they had taken the ivermectin and reasons for not doing so when that was the case. Results were compared with the previous investigations conducted in 2002. Whereas official reported coverage rates ranged from 59 to 85% in 2006 and from 88 to 97% in 2013, compliance rates decreased from 36% in 2006 to 21% in 2013. Factors affecting compliance included fear of unpleasant side effects (pruritus and oedema), which decreased from 36% to 21% for the same period. Lack of awareness of CDTI sharply increased from 12% to 46% for the same period. Participants believed that treatments were no longer necessary due to the absence of vectors observed in 2013. There seems to be a considerable difference between coverage and compliance rates in the study communities. The difference can be attributed to the performance of the Community-Directed Distributors (CDDs) and the absence of the vector population observed in 2013. Discussions with CDDs suggested that factors that led to non-compliance were mostly side effects, unawareness of the disease by immigrants and lack of financial motivation for the CDDs. Also included was the fact that they needed to complete distribution of the drugs in the entire village, covering all households within just one week irrespective of the size of the catchment area. This, they thought was too much work for a short period of time. We propose to intensify the training of CDDs by the national Neglected Tropical Diseases Programme (NTDP) and to include the Community-based Health and Planning Services (CHPS) concept into onchocerciasis control efforts for awareness creation while the vector population and the transmission should be further monitored. The population should be made aware that the side effects they experienced from previous treatments or had heard about had reduced significantly. They also should be in the known that vector flies may return and so the risk of transmission remains.

Ajong, A. B., et al. (2016). "Determinants of unmet need for family planning among women in Urban Cameroon: a cross sectional survey in the Biyem-Assi Health District, Yaoundé." BMC Women's Health 16(4): (20 January 2016)-(2020 January 2016).
	Background: With the unacceptably high level of unmet need for family planning in Sub-Saharan Africa, reducing unmet need is paramount in the fight against the high levels of induced abortions, maternal and neonatal morbi-mortality. A clear understanding of the determinants of unmet need for family planning is indispensable in this light. The objective of this study was to determine the prevalence of unmet need for family planning in Urban Cameroon while identifying major determinants of unmet need among women in a union in Urban Cameroon. Methods: A community based cross sectional study was conducted from March 2015 to April 2015 during which 370 women in a union were recruited using cluster multistep sampling in the Biyem-Assi Health District, Yaounde. Data were collected using a pretested and validated questionnaire. Proportions and their 95% confidence intervals were calculated with the Westoff/DHS method used to estimate unmet need for family planning and the odds ratio used as measure of association with statistical significant threshold set at p-value ≤0.05. Results: Of the 370 eligible women included, the mean age was 29.9±6.8 years, and 61.1% were married. The prevalence of unmet need for family planning was 20.4 (16.4-24.8)% with 14.2 (11.2-18.7)% having an unmet need for spacing and 6.2 (3.6-8.7)% an unmet need for limiting. Husband's approval of contraception had a statistically significant protective association with unmet need (AOR=0.52 [0.30-0.92], p=0.023), and discussion about family planning within the couple had a highly statistically significant protective association with unmet need (AOR=0.39 [0.21-0.69], p=0.001). The major reason for non-use of contraception among women with unmet need was the fear of side effects. Conclusion: The prevalence of unmet need of family planning among women in the Biyem-Assi Health District remains high. Husband's approval of contraception and couples' discussion about family planning are two major factors to be considered when planning interventions to reduce unmet need for family planning. Family planning activities focused on couples or including men could be useful in reducing the rate of unmet need in Cameroon.

Akbar, M. S. and D. P. Aldrich (2015). "Flood damage and victims' perceptions about political leadership." Risk, Hazards & Crisis in Public Policy 6(4): 329-343.
	To understand the extent to which material damage suffered by the flood victims correlated with views on political leadership. Using original data on 450 residents affected by the 2010 Pakistan floods collected through surveys, we carried out multiple regression analysis to understand the connections between flood damage, gender, annual income and education on the flood victims' perception of political leadership. We use open ended questions to allow for qualitative analysis along with a quantitative analysis of patterns across the sample. Our analyses revealed that material damage suffered by the flood victims serves as a robust predictor of their faith in the political leadership. Other important correlates of feelings about leadership included annual income, educational level, family size and perceived fairness in the distribution of disaster assistance. Past research has suggested that efficient and responsive leadership has the potential to minimize the impact of disaster. Our data suggest that disasters influence the attitudes of people regarding their leadership. We theorize that residents envision higher levels of disaster damage as a result of ineffective leadership; most broadly, damage erodes peoples' faith in their leaders.

Akinlabi, F. B. (2010). "Influences of age and class of secondary school students on inclination to crime commission." International Journal of Tropical Medicine 5(3): 65-67.
	The study of investigated the influence of class and age of secondary school students on inclination to crime. The descriptive research design of the survey type was used for the study. The population for the study are all 219 public secondary school in Ekiti. The questionnaire titled Inclination To Crime (ITC) among secondary school student was administered on the junior and senior secondary school students. The validity of the instrument was ensured using face and content validity. The test retest reliability of the instrument was ensured by administering 30 copies of the instrument on subject that are not part of the sample on 2 acetous of 2 weeks interval. A reliability of 0.86 was obtained and found significant at 0.05 level of significance using person product moment correlation analysis. Copies of the final instrument with personally administered by the researcher. The data collected were analyzed using inferential statistics of t-test. The result of the analysis showed that there are significant differences in the tendencies to commit crime by the junior students on senior students and there are marked differences in the ages the students are inclined to crime. Based on the teachers and counselor should consider the level of aberrant students and their ages while counseling them.

Alberton, A. M., et al. (2019). "Intersection of Indigenous Peoples and Police: Questions about Contact and Confidence." Canadian Journal of Criminology and Criminal Justice 61(4): 101-101–119.
	Despite much anecdotal, journalistic, and statistical evidence of their oppression by colonial and neocolonial police practices, little is known about Indigenous peoples’ attitudes towards the police in Canada. The theory that involuntary police–citizen contacts increase citizens’ mistrust, fear, and dissatisfaction and, ultimately, decreases confidence in the police was advanced. Hypotheses arising from this historical-theoretical context were tested with the 2014 panel of Canada’s General Social Survey, including 951 Indigenous (First Nations, Métis, or Inuit) and 21,576 non-Indigenous white participants. Indigenous identity and involuntary contacts were both significantly associated with a lack of confidence in police, p < .001. As hypothesized, the odds associated with involuntary contacts (odds ratio [OR] = 2.66) were stronger than those associated with being Indigenous (OR = 1.81). While the hypothesized ethnicity by contact interaction was not observed, Indigenous participants (5%) were two and a half times as likely as non-Indigenous white participants (2%) to have had relatively frequent (two or more) involuntary contacts with the police during the past year. Therefore, at the population level Indigenous people are at much greater risk of coming into involuntary contact with the police and of consequently lacking confidence in police. Policy implications and future research needs are discussed.Alternate abstract: Malgré un grand nombre de preuves anecdotiques, journalistiques et statistiques de l’oppression des peuples autochtones par des pratiques policières coloniales et néocoloniales, nous en savons très peu au sujet de leur attitude envers la police canadienne. La théorie voulant que des contacts involontaires entre la police et les citoyens augmentent la méfiance, la peur et l’insatisfaction du citoyen qui, au final, a moins confiance en la police a été proposée. Les hypothèses découlant de ce contexte historique théorique ont été testées lors du panel de l’Enquête sociale générale canadienne de 2014 qui comprenait 951 participants Autochtones (Premières Nations, Métis ou Inuit) et 21 576 participants blancs non autochtones. L’identité autochtone et les contacts involontaires étaient tous deux associés de façon significative à un manque de confiance en la police, p < 0,001. Comme l’hypothèse le veut, les cotes associées aux contacts involontaires (rapport des cotes [RC] = 2,66) étaient plus fortes que celles associées au fait d’être autochtone (RC = 1,81). Bien que l’hypothèse concernant l’interaction entre l’ethnicité et le type de contact ne soit pas observée, les participants autochtones (5 %) avaient 2,5 fois plus de chances que les participants blancs non autochtones (2 %) d’avoir des contacts involontaires relativement fréquents (deux ou plus) avec la police au cours de la dernière année. Par conséquent, au niveau de la population, les peuples autochtones ont beaucoup plus de chances d’entrer en contact involontaire avec la police et d’avoir moins confiance en la police. Les conséquences sur les politiques et les besoins en matière de recherche sont examinées.

Alberton, A. M., et al. (2019). "Intersection of Indigenous Peoples and Police: Questions about Contact and Confidence1." Canadian Journal of Criminology & Criminal Justice 61(4): 101-119.
	Despite much anecdotal, journalistic, and statistical evidence of their oppression by colonial and neocolonial police practices, little is known about Indigenous peoples' attitudes towards the police in Canada. The theory that involuntary police–citizen contacts increase citizens' mistrust, fear, and dissatisfaction and, ultimately, decreases confidence in the police was advanced. Hypotheses arising from this historical-theoretical context were tested with the 2014 panel of Canada's General Social Survey, including 951 Indigenous (First Nations, Métis, or Inuit) and 21,576 non-Indigenous white participants. Indigenous identity and involuntary contacts were both significantly associated with a lack of confidence in police, p <.001. As hypothesized, the odds associated with involuntary contacts (odds ratio [OR] = 2.66) were stronger than those associated with being Indigenous (OR = 1.81). While the hypothesized ethnicity by contact interaction was not observed, Indigenous participants (5%) were two and a half times as likely as non-Indigenous white participants (2%) to have had relatively frequent (two or more) involuntary contacts with the police during the past year. Therefore, at the population level Indigenous people are at much greater risk of coming into involuntary contact with the police and of consequently lacking confidence in police. Policy implications and future research needs are discussed. (English) [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Malgré un grand nombre de preuves anecdotiques, journalistiques et statistiques de l'oppression des peuples autochtones par des pratiques policières coloniales et néocoloniales, nous en savons très peu au sujet de leur attitude envers la police canadienne. La théorie voulant que des contacts involontaires entre la police et les citoyens augmentent la méfiance, la peur et l'insatisfaction du citoyen qui, au final, a moins confiance en la police a été proposée. Les hypothèses découlant de ce contexte historique théorique ont été testées lors du panel de l'Enquête sociale générale canadienne de 2014 qui comprenait 951 participants Autochtones (Premières Nations, Métis ou Inuit) et 21 576 participants blancs non autochtones. L'identité autochtone et les contacts involontaires étaient tous deux associés de façon significative à un manque de confiance en la police, p < 0,001. Comme l'hypothèse le veut, les cotes associées aux contacts involontaires (rapport des cotes [RC] = 2,66) étaient plus fortes que celles associées au fait d'être autochtone (RC = 1,81). Bien que l'hypothèse concernant l'interaction entre l'ethnicité et le type de contact ne soit pas observée, les participants autochtones (5 %) avaient 2,5 fois plus de chances que les participants blancs non autochtones (2 %) d'avoir des contacts involontaires relativement fréquents (deux ou plus) avec la police au cours de la dernière année. Par conséquent, au niveau de la population, les peuples autochtones ont beaucoup plus de chances d'entrer en contact involontaire avec la police et d'avoir moins confiance en la police. Les conséquences sur les politiques et les besoins en matière de recherche sont examinées. (French) [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Canadian Journal of Criminology & Criminal Justice is the property of University of Toronto Press and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Al-Dakhil, L. O., et al. (2016). "Attitudes of patients in developing countries toward participating in clinical trials: a survey of Saudi patients attending primary health care services." Oman Medical Journal 31(4): 284-289.
	Objectives: Clinical trials are experimental projects that include patients as subjects. A number of benefits are directly associated with clinical trials. Healthcare processes and outcomes can be improved with the help of clinical trials. This study aimed to assess the attitudes and beliefs of patients about their contribution to and enrolment in clinical trials. Methods: A cross-sectional study design was used for data collection and analysis. A questionnaire was developed with six categories to derive effective outcomes. Results: Of the 2000 participants approached to take part in the study, 1081 agreed. The majority of the study population was female, well educated, and unaware of clinical trials. Only 324 subjects (30.0%) had previously agreed to participate in a clinical trial. The majority (87.1%) were motivated to participate in clinical trials due to religious aspects. However, fear of any risk was the principal reason (79.8%) that reduced their motivation to participate. Conclusions: The results of this study revealed that patients in Saudi Arabia have a low awareness and are less willing to participate in clinical trials. Different motivational factors and awareness programs can be used to increase patient participation in the future.

Alegria, A. A., et al. (2013). "Sex differences in antisocial personality disorder: Results from the National Epidemiological Survey on Alcohol and Related Conditions." Personality Disorders: Theory, Research, and Treatment 4(3): 214-222.
	Despite the 3:1 prevalence ratio of men versus women with Antisocial Personality Disorder (ASPD), research on sex differences on correlates of ASPD in the general population is scarce. The purpose of this study was to examine sex differences in childhood and adult adverse events, lifetime psychiatric comorbidity, and clinical correlates of DSM–IV ASPD. The sample included 819 men and 407 women with DSM-IV ASPD diagnosis. Data were derived from the National Epidemiologic Survey on Alcohol and Related Conditions (NESARC) (N = 43,093). Compared to men, women with ASPD reported more frequent childhood emotional neglect (AOR = 2.25; 95% CI: 1.52–3.34) and sexual abuse (AOR = 4.20; 95% CI: 2.78–6.35), any parent-related adverse event during childhood (e.g., parental substance use disorder) (AOR = 2.47; 95% CI: 1.60–3.82), and adverse events during adulthood (AOR = 4.20; 95% CI: 2.78–6.35). Although women with ASPD present less violent antisocial behaviors and higher rates of aggressiveness and irritability (OR = 0.46; 95% CI: 0.31–0.67), they have higher rates of victimization, greater impairment, and lower social support. Our findings suggest increased mental health needs in women with ASPD, meriting development of different treatment programs for women and men. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)

Alexander, A., et al. (2010). "What do pregnant low-income women say about breastfeeding?" Breastfeeding Medicine 5(1): 17-23.
	Background: Although low socioeconomic status and African-American race have been shown to be risk factors for low rates of breastfeeding, maternal reasons for selection of infant feeding method are not well understood in these populations. Methods: Healthy women ≥15 years of age receiving routine obstetrical care from nurses and nurse midwives at the outpatient clinic of MacDonald Women's Hospital, Case Medical Center, Cleveland, OH were surveyed using a questionnaire interview including Likert-scaled and open-ended questions. All responses to the six open-ended queries were transcribed. Content analysis was used to categorize these responses into three to seven descriptive themes for each question. The authors and two other clinically experienced reviewers participated in theme development, which involved categorization by individual reviewers and then by the group; a full consensus was achieved at each stage. University Hospitals Institutional Review Board approved the study. Results: Of 186 eligible women, 179 (96%) consented, and 176 (95%) were interviewed. Median age was 22 years (range, 15-41 years), 68 (41%) had greater than a high school education, 167 (95%) were African-American, 167 (non-identical 95%) were unmarried, and 87 (49%) were multiparous. When interviewees were asked, "What is the biggest reason you want to breastfeed?," responses included maternal reasons, infant-related reasons, and advice of others. When women were asked, "What would stop you from breastfeeding?," responses included lifestyle reasons, pain-related reasons, lactation process issues, hypothetical medical reasons, and maternal reluctance. Conclusions: Expectant low-income African-American inner-city women appear well informed about the benefits of breastfeeding. Obstacles to breastfeeding that may be susceptible to intervention include fear of pain, lifestyle issues, and lactation process concerns.

Alexander, K. E. (2017). "Attachment anxiety is associated with a fear of becoming fat, which is mediated by binge eating." PeerJ 5(3034): e3034-e3034.
	Background. Previous work demonstrated that individuals with higher levels of attachment anxiety are prone to increased binge eating (Alexander & Siegel, 2013). Given that our society rejects obese individuals and individuals with higher levels of attachment anxiety tend to be highly sensitive to rejection (Downey & Feldman, 1996), it follows that those with increased attachment anxiety may be especially fearful of becoming fat. Methods. Undergraduate psychology students (n=148) completed surveys measuring attachment, binge eating, and fear of becoming fat. Results. The data demonstrate that attachment anxiety is positively associated with a fear of becoming fat (β=.30, p&lt;.001) and binge eating mediates this relationship. In other words, binge eating underlies the fear of becoming fat. Discussion. These findings contribute to a more refined understanding of binge eating which may create pathways for professionals to develop targeted interventions.

Alex-Hart, B. A., et al. (2015). "Prevalence of bullying in secondary schools in Port Harcourt." International Journal of Adolescent Medicine and Health 27(4): 391-396.
	Background: School bullying is a global problem involving a high proportion of students worldwide. However, its prevalence and types in secondary schools in Port Harcourt is not yet known. Objective: This study aimed to determine the prevalence and types of bullying in secondary schools in Port Harcourt. Subjects: A total of 1160 students from six secondary schools in Port Harcourt comprised the sample. Materials and methods: This was a cross-sectional school-based study conducted in Port Harcourt in March 2014. Two mixed schools, two all-boys schools, and two all-girls schools were selected using purposive sampling technique. Stratified random sampling technique, by class strata (senior secondary 1, 2 and 3) was used to select 1160 students from the six schools. A 22-item self-administered questionnaire adapted from a previous study was modified and used in this study. The questions covered the prevalence, type of bullying, and socio-demographic data. Data were analyzed using SPSS version 20 (IBM SPSS Incorporated, Chicago, IL, USA). Results: About 82.2% reported being victims of bullying, whereas 64.9% reported being bullies. About 9.7% and 11.8% were neither bullies nor bullied, respectively. Bullying was significantly higher in the all-boys (90.8%) and all-girls (82.9%) schools than in the mixed schools (73.5%), p=0.000. More males were victims (53.4%) and bullies (53.3%) but more females (55.4%) were bully-victims. The most common (57.5%) type of bullying was physical bullying. Conclusion: The rate of bullying was found to be very high in secondary schools in Port Harcourt.

Alexis, O. and A. Worsley (2018). "An integrative review exploring black men of African and Caribbean backgrounds, their fears of prostate cancer and their attitudes towards screening." Health Education Research 33(2): 155-166.
	Evidence suggests that black men are disproportionately more affected than any other ethnicity by prostate cancer. The aim of this review is to identify studies exploring black men of African and Caribbean descent, their fears of prostate cancer and their attitudes towards screening. Four databases were searched and reference lists of relevant papers were hand searched. The inclusion criteria were studies exploring attitudes towards screening and fear of prostate cancer in black men of African and Caribbean backgrounds, peer-reviewed research, qualitative studies, surveys, questionnaires and English language publications. Qualitative findings were synthesized using a thematic framework to which quantitative findings were integrated. Of the 16 papers, 10 were quantitative and 6 were qualitative, all of which were conducted in the United States of America. Poorer and less educated black men were reluctant to seek help for prostate cancer. They may not visit their doctors for fear of intrusion into their personal lives. Moreover, they were fearful of being emasculated as a result of the digital rectal examination. The review identifies a paucity of UK literature on black men's fears and perceptions of prostate cancer. Further studies are needed in the United Kingdom to address this gap in the literature.

Alfonso, M. L. and R. Kaur (2012). "Self-injury among early adolescents: identifying segments protected and at risk." Journal of School Health 82(12): 537-547.
	BACKGROUND: Self-injury has been described as a "silent school crisis," reflecting insufficient knowledge, confusion, lack of effective interventions, and the tendency for adults and youth to shy away from dealing directly with the issue. This purpose of this study was to identify distinct subgroups of youth who may be at increased risk of or reduced risk of nonsuicidal self-injury (NSSI). METHODS: The middle-school Youth Risk Behavior Survey was administered in 8 district public middle schools in a large, southeastern county in Florida. A final sample size of 1748, representing approximately 92% of participants who self-reported attendance at 1 of the 8 middle schools (N=1907) and 74% of the 2350 surveys originally distributed, was used in this study. Chi-squared automatic interaction detection (CHAID) was used to identify distinct segments at risk for or protected from NSSI. RESULTS: CHAID analyses suggested large groups of youth at risk for (and not at risk) having ever tried self-injury including suicidal tendencies, substance use, low belief in life possibilities, and exposure to peer self-injury. Protective factors identified included having low to zero levels of suicidal tendencies, high belief in life possibilities, lack of substance use, and not being a victim of bullying. CONCLUSION: Engaging adolescents in prevention programs at early stage can reduce the chances of suicidal behavior as well as physical injury. Schools should take the lead in advocating for the development of evidence-based interventions that are capable of addressing factors that contribute to self-injury at multiple levels of youth's environments.

Ali, A. S., et al. (2017). "Artemisinin combination therapy mass drug administration in a setting of low malaria endemicity: programmatic coverage and adherence during an observational study in Zanzibar." Malaria Journal 16(332): (14 August 2017)-(2014 August 2017).
	Background: Mass drug administration (MDA) appears to be effective in reducing the risk of malaria parasitaemia. This study reports on programmatic coverage and compliance of MDA using artemisinin-based combination therapy (ACT) in four shehias (smallest administration unit) that had been identified as hotspots through Zanzibar's malaria case notification surveillance system. Methods: Mass drug administration was done in four shehias selected on the basis of: being an established malaria hot spot; having had mass screening and treatment (MSaT) 2-6 weeks previously; and exceeding the epidemic alert threshold of 5 cases within a week even after MSaT. Communities were sensitized and MDA was conducted using a house-to-house approach. All household members, except pregnant women and children aged less than 2 months, were provided with ACT medicine. Two weeks after the MDA campaign, a survey was undertaken to investigate completion of ACT doses. Results: A total of 8816 [97.1% of eligible; 95% confidence interval (CI) 96.8-97.5] people received ACT. During post MDA surveys, 2009 people were interviewed: 90.2% reported having completed MDA doses; 1.9% started treatment but did not complete dosage; 4.7% did not take treatment; 2.0% were absent during MDA and 1.2% were ineligible (i.e. infants &lt;2 months and pregnant women). Main reasons for failure to complete treatment were experience of side-effects and forgetting to take subsequent doses. Failure to take treatment was mainly due to fear of side-effects, reluctance due to lack of malaria symptoms and caregivers forgetting to give medication to children. Conclusion: Mass drug administration for malaria was well accepted by communities at high risk of malaria in Zanzibar, with high participation and completion rates. Further work to investigate the potential of MDA in accelerating Zanzibar's efforts towards malaria elimination should be pursued.

Alkuwari, M. G., et al. (2011). "Pandemic influenza A/H1N1 vaccination uptake among health care workers in Qatar: motivators and barriers." Vaccine 29(11): 2206-2211.
	Influenza A/H1N1 new vaccine helps control disease spread. Cross-sectional survey was conducted at PHC & Emergency Departments in Qatar to determine influenza A/H1N1 vaccination rate among HCWs and associated factors, 523 HCWs were enrolled. The study showed that 13.4% HCWs received vaccination. Feeling protected strongly influenced vaccination decision (OR=14.5). Uncertainty about vaccine efficacy and fear of side effects strongly influenced decision to reject the vaccine (OR=0.3 and 0.2 respectively). Vaccination coverage was very low. The most common barriers were uncertainty about vaccine efficacy and fear of side effects. Health authorities should build message highlighting how the benefit of vaccination outweighs risk.

Allan, B. F., et al. (2010). "Fear of parasites: lone star ticks increase giving-up densities in white-tailed deer." Israel Journal of Ecology & Evolution 56(3/4): 313-324.
	Nonconsumptive effects of predators on their prey are extensive and diverse, with significant consequences for community structure and ecosystem function. However, despite many theoretical similarities between predator-prey and host-parasite interactions, nonconsumptive effects of parasites on their hosts remain poorly understood. Further, such effects may be of consequence to human and wildlife health, when host-parasite interactions involve hematophagous arthropods that vector infectious diseases. We used giving-up density estimation techniques to measure the response of white-tailed deer (Odocoileus virginianus) to the risk of parasitism by lone star ticks (Amblyomma americanum), an important vector of several infectious diseases in the southeastern United States. We also deployed carnivore scent stations to estimate activity levels of potential deer predators, conducted deer dung count surveys to control for effects of deer abundance, and controlled for topographic aspect, a primary determinant of vegetative biomass and community composition. We found a significant, positive correlation between giving-up densities in deer and the densities of A. americanum, but no effect of canid predators, deer abundance, or topographic aspect. Our results are consistent with the few other empirical examples that demonstrate nonconsumptive effects of parasites on their hosts. Considering that host-parasite interactions have enormous potential to influence the prevalence of vector-borne diseases that affect human health, incorporating indirect effects of parasites on their hosts into infectious disease ecology may be necessary to effectively mitigate disease risk.

Allik, M. and A. Kearns (2017). ""There goes the fear": feelings of safety at home and in the neighborhood: the role of personal, social, and service factors." Journal of Community Psychology 45(4): 543-563.
	Safety has been shown to be an important contributor to mental well-being and is often identified as a key element of sustainable communities. Drawing on the fear of crime literature this study investigates the determinants of feelings of indoor and outdoor safety for people living in deprived areas, using both cross-sectional and longitudinal samples from household surveys in 15 communities in Glasgow. Across the different models social cohesion, satisfaction with services, and perceived empowerment emerge as the most robust predictors of feeling very safe indoors and outside. Our findings suggest useful extensions to several theoretical models of the fear of crime: The vulnerability hypothesis should include social vulnerability more generally; environmental models should focus on local amenities and services as well as on disorder; and social-psychological models should consider not only informal social control but also resident empowerment in relation to housing and neighborhood issues.

Al-Sabbah, H., et al. (2009). "Associations of overweight and of weight dissatisfaction among Palestinian adolescents: findings from the national study of Palestinian schoolchildren (HBSC-WBG2004)." Journal of Human Nutrition and Dietetics 22(1): 40-49.
	Background: Overweight and obesity as well as weight dissatisfaction have been increasing in prevalence worldwide. Body weight dissatisfaction and fear of fatness are potential contributors to disordered eating. The present study aimed to investigate the prevalence of self-reported overweight and weight dissatisfaction along with associations with socio-demographic characteristics, body image, health complaints, risk behaviours, physical activity and television viewing in adolescents in Palestine. Methods: The 2003/04 Palestinian Health Behaviour in School-aged Children (HBSC) is a cross-sectional survey of 17 817 adolescents from 405 randomly selected schools. Students from a representative sample of grades 6, 8, 10 and 12 (aged 12-18 years) self-completed a modified version of the international World Health Organization collaborative Health Behaviour in School-aged Children (HBSC-2002) questionnaire. Results: Although 16.5% of the adolescents were overweight, almost twice that number (32.1%) were dissatisfied with their weight (i.e. dieting or perceiving a need to diet). Of those adolescents, two-thirds were not actually overweight (56.4% boys; 73.5% girls). One-fifth of the total number of adolescents (16.0% boys; 24.0% girls) were not overweight but were dissatisfied with their weight. Boys reporting overweight or weight dissatisfaction were more likely to have mothers with higher education or to be from more affluent families. Among both genders, but especially among girls, weight dissatisfaction was positively associated with most of the outcome variables (body image, health complaints, risk behaviours, and television viewing) regardless of weight status, whereas weight status was associated with only a few of the outcome variables. Conclusions: Weight dissatisfaction, independent of weight status, is associated with body image, health complaints, risk behaviours and television viewing, and represents a potential health risk factor for adolescents. Preventive interventions should focus not only on weight status, but also on body weight dissatisfaction.

Altman, C. E., et al. (2018). "Exposure to violence, coping strategies, and diagnosed mental health problems among adults in a migrant-sending community in central Mexico." Population Research and Policy Review 37(2): 229-260.
	Deadly violence has spread throughout Mexico, affecting the well-being of citizens. What is the impact of this violence on the daily lives of Mexican adults? Building upon the stress process model, we used a mixed-methods approach to examine relationships between multiple indicators of exposure to and fear of violence and four diagnosed mental health outcomes, as well as self-rated mental health, in a Mexican community using the Survey of Health and Mexican Migration (456 surveys; 49 interviews). The multivariate models provide evidence that perceptions of insecurity are associated with diagnosed depressive episode, agoraphobia, alcohol abuse, a total count of mental health conditions, and poor self-rated mental health. Past victimization is associated with anxiety. Stress and coping behaviors did not formally mediate these violence-mental illness associations. The qualitative results confirm that residents fear violence and cope by adjusting their personal behaviors. These results foreshadow the emergence of mental health conditions as a critical public health concern for Mexicans living under the threat of violence.

Amemiya, I., et al. (2013). "Cyberbullying in private and state elementary schools in two Metropolitan Lima districts. / Ciberbullying en colegios privados y estatales de primaria en dos distritos de Lima Metropolitana." Anales de la Facultad de Medicina 74(2): 91-96.
	Objectives: To determine cyberbullying characteristics in Jesus Maria and Pueblo Libre districts 5th and 6th grade students from state and private schools. Design: Descriptive, cross sectional. Setting: Students from state and private schools. Participants: 5th and 6th grade students. Interventions: Rosario Ortega's anonymous survey was applied in 826 5th and 6th grade students. Main outcome measures: Descriptive analysis and statistical association tests. Results: Cyberbullying was reported in 24.7% students; it was higher in 6th grade, and in private schools. Aggressors by phone and internet were 1.9%, phone victims 6.3% and internet victims 12%. Internet victims' condition was associated with having computer at their bedrooms (p=0.019) and using Internet outdoors (p=0.000); it was higher in private schools (p=0.002) and increased to 23.1% (p=0.032) when using Internet outdoors. Males assaulted more than females (p=0.000). Conclusions: Cyberbullying was more common in 6th grade students from private schools. Internet victims were more than phone victims; internet bullying was associated with having computer in their room or using it outdoors. Aggression predominated in males.

Amin-Esmaeili, M., et al. (2017). "Out-of-pocket cost of drug abuse consequences: results from Iranian National Mental Health Survey." Eastern Mediterranean Health Journal 23(3): 150-160.
	Drug abuse has significant cost to the individual, the family and the society. This study aimed to assess out of-pocket costs of consequences of drug use disorder. Data were drawn from the Iranian Mental Health Survey (IranMHS) through face-to-face interviews with 7841 respondents aged 15-64 years. We used a bottom-up cost-ofillness method for economic analysis. Out-of-pocket costs for treatment of mental and drug problems, treatment of medical illnesses, as well as costs of crimes were assessed. The average of total annual expense was US$ 2120.6 for those with drug use disorder, which was 23.5% of annual income of an average Iranian family in the year 2011. The average of total out-of-pocket cost was US$ 674.6 for those with other mental disorder and US$ 421.9 for those with no mental disorder. Catastrophic payment was reported in 47.6% of the patients with drug use disorder and 14.4% of those with other mental disorder. Thus, considerable amount of family resources are spent on the consequences of drug use.

Ammassari, A., et al. (2013). "Induced first abortion rates before and after HIV diagnosis: results of an Italian self-administered questionnaire survey carried out in 585 women living with HIV." HIV Medicine 14(1): 31-39.
	Objectives: The aim of the study was to investigate whether HIV diagnosis affected reproductive planning over time and to assess independent predictors of abortion overall and following HIV diagnosis. Methods: Donne con Infezione da HIV (DIDI) is an Italian multicentre study based on a questionnaire survey carried out in 585 HIV-positive women between November 2010 and February 2011. The incidence and predictors of abortion were measured by person-years analysis and Poisson regression. Results: The crude incidence rate of abortion was 18.8 [95% confidence interval (CI) 16.5-21.4] per 1000 person-years of follow-up (PYFU). Compared with women who terminated their pregnancy before HIV diagnosis, women who terminated their pregnancy after HIV diagnosis but before 1990 showed a 2.56-fold (95% CI 1.41-4.65) higher risk. During 1990-1999 and 2000-2010, HIV diagnosis was not significantly associated with outcome [adjusted rate ratio (ARR) 0.93 (95% CI 0.55-1.59) and ARR 0.69 (95% CI 0.32-1.48), respectively]. Age [ARR 0.96 (95% CI 0.94-0.99) per 1 year older] and injecting drug use [ARR 1.38 (95% CI 0.98-1.94)] were found to be predictors of abortion overall. After HIV diagnosis, being on combination antiretroviral therapy [ARR 0.54 (95% CI 0.28-1.02)], monthly income &lt; Euro 800 [ARR 1.76 (95% CI 0.99-3.12)], younger age [ARR 0.95 (95% CI 0.91-1.00) per 1 year older] and fear of vertical transmission [ARR 1.95 (95% CI 1.04-3.67)] were found to be independently associated with abortion. Conclusions: We observed a higher incidence of abortion compared with data available for the general Italian population. Awareness of HIV diagnosis was predictive of abortion only in the 1980s. Women with HIV infection are still worried about vertical HIV transmission. Interventions promoting HIV screening among women who plan to have an abortion and informative counselling on motherhood planning in the setting of HIV care are needed.

Amo-Adjei, J. (2016). "Individual, household and community level factors associated with keeping tuberculosis status secret in Ghana." BMC public health 16(1196): (25 November 2016)-(2025 November 2016).
	Background: In tuberculosis (TB) control, early disclosure is recommended for the purposes of treatment as well as a means of reducing or preventing person-to-person transmission of the bacteria. However, disclosure maybe avoided as a means of escaping stigma, and possible discrimination. This study aimed at providing insights into factors associated with intentions of Ghanaians to keep positive TB diagnosis in their families' a secret. Methods: The paper was based on data from the 2014 Ghana Demographic and Health Survey. Descriptive statistics of proportions with Chi-square test and binary logistic regression were used to identify individual, household and community level factors that predicted the outcome variable (keeping TB secret). Results: Women were more inclined (33%) than men (25%) to keep TB in the family a secret. Views about keeping TB secret declined with age for both sexes. For women, higher education had a positive association with whether TB in the family would be kept a secret or not but the same was not observed for men. In a multivariable regression model, the strongest predictor of keeping TB secret was whether the respondent would keep HIV secret, and this was uniform among women (OR=6.992, p&lt;0.001) and men (OR=9.870, p&lt;0.001). Conclusion: Unwillingness towards disclosing TB status in Ghana is associated with varied socioeconomic and demographic characteristics, which may be driven by fears of stigma and discrimination. Addressing TB-related stigma and discrimination can enhance positive attitudes towards TB disclosure. For an infectious disease such as TB, openness towards status disclosure is important for public health.

Amparo, A. C. B., et al. (2018). "The evaluation of animal bite treatment centers in the Philippines from a patient perspective." PLoS ONE 13(7): e0200873-e0200873.
	Background: The Philippines has built an extensive decentralised network of Animal Bite Treatment Centers (ABTCs) to help bite victims receive timely rabies post-exposure prophylaxis (PEP) at little cost. This study surveyed patients in the community and at ABTCs of three provinces to assess animal bite/scratch incidence, health-seeking behaviour and PEP-related out-of pocket expenses (OOPE). Methodology and principal findings: During community surveys in 90 barangays (neighbourhoods), 53% of households reported at least one animal bite /scratch injury over the past 3 years, similar across urban and rural barangays. Overall bite/scratch incidences in 2016-17 were 67.3, 41.9 and 48.8 per 1,000 population per year for Nueva Vizcaya, Palawan and Tarlac respectively. Incidences were around 50% higher amongst those under 15 years of age, compared to those older than 15. Household awareness of the nearest ABTCs was generally over 80%, but only 44.9% sought proper medical treatment and traditional remedies were still frequently used. The proportion of patients seeking PEP was not related to the distance or travel time to the nearest ABTC. For those that did not seek medical treatment, most cited a lack of awareness or insufficient funds and almost a third visited a traditional healer. No deaths from bite/scratch injuries were reported. A cohort of 1,105 patients were interviewed at six ABTCs in early 2017. OOPE varied across the ABTCs, from 5.53 USD to 37.83 USD per patient, primarily dependent on the need to pay for immunization if government supplies had run out. Overall, 78% of patients completed the recommended course, and the main reason for non-completion was a lack of time, followed by insufficient funds. Dog observation data revealed that 85% of patients were not truly exposed to rabies, and education in bite prevention might reduce provoked bites and demand for PEP. An accompanying paper details the ABTC network from the health provider's perspective.

Amparo, A. C. B., et al. (2018). "The evaluation of operating Animal Bite Treatment Centers in the Philippines from a health provider perspective." PLoS ONE 13(7): e0199186-e0199186.
	Background: The Philippine government has an extensive network of 513 Animal Bite Treatment Centers (ABTCs) to supply rabies post exposure prophylaxis (PEP), reaching over 1 million bite victims in 2016. The network was evaluated using a review of existing national and provincial data, key informant interviews and surveys in sample ABTCs to determine the cost-effectiveness of this network in preventing human rabies deaths. Methodology and principal findings: One urban and one rural ABTC in each of three selected provinces were studied in more detail. PEP delivery generally followed national guidance based on best practices, but there was evidence of operational challenges in supplying all ABTCs with adequate biologics and recently trained staff. Funding was contributed by different levels of government and in some clinics, patients paid for a significant fraction of the total cost. From a health provider perspective including both fixed and variable costs, the average PEP course delivered cost USD 32.91 /patient across urban ABTCs (with higher patient throughput) and USD 57.21 /patient across rural ABTCs. These costs suggests that PEP provision in the Philippines cost USD 37.6 million in 2016, with a cost per life saved of USD 8,290. An analysis of the 2,239 suspected rabies deaths from 2008 to 2016 showed no significant decline, and from 2014-16 an average of 8,534 years of life were lost annually. The incidence of rabies deaths from 2014-16 was not clearly related to the provision of ABTCs (per 100,000 population) or human population density, but deaths were more common in higher income provinces. Conclusions/Significance: In the context of comprehensive rabies control (including dog vaccination and public awareness) ways to reduce this high expenditure on PEP should be explored, to most cost-effectively reach the elimination of human rabies deaths. This paper is accompanied by another containing data on the operation of ABTCs network from a patient perspective.

Amstadter, A. B., et al. (2011). "Predictors of physical assault victimization: findings from the National Survey of Adolescents." Addictive Behaviors 36(8): 814-820.
	Exposure to interpersonal victimization during childhood and adolescence is prevalent and has been found to be associated with negative physical and mental health outcomes. The present study examined the relations between childhood violence exposure and mental health on subsequent exposure to new physical assault in young adults using longitudinal nationally representative, prospective data from the initial (Wave I) and follow-up interviews (Wave II) of the National Survey of Adolescents (NSA). Among the 1,753 participants who completed both assessment time points, 15.8% reported a new physical assault experience at Wave II. Results indicated that racial/ethnic status, gender, history of child physical abuse, witnessed violence drug use, and family drug problems reported at Wave I were all significant predictors of new physical assault. Implications are discussed.

Anagnostou, P. A., et al. (2017). "Human papillomavirus knowledge and vaccine acceptability among adolescents in a Greek region." Public Health 152: 145-152.
	Objectives: The aim of this research was twofold: (1) develop an instrument to assess knowledge regarding human papillomavirus (HPV) and its vaccine and utilize this instrument to measure knowledge levels of Greek adolescents in Lyceum schools of Western Thessaloniki; and (2) examine the associations of the resultant knowledge measure scores with sociodemographic characteristics. Study design: Cross-sectional survey with complex sampling design. Methods: A total of 268 students of three Lyceum schools in Western Thessaloniki responded anonymously to a questionnaire during February-March 2013. The instrument was developed by literature review. Answers of respondents to individual questions were initially presented in terms of absolute and relative frequencies. Knowledge items were presented by gender along with appropriate chi-squared tests. Next, the development and validation of a knowledge score was pursued with Rasch analysis. Raw scores of dichotomous true/false items were converted to interval-level adjusted student scores, and the reliability and validity of the model were assessed. Finally, the effect of sociodemographic variables on the knowledge measure was explored by multivariate linear regression. Results: Analysis of individual items documented low knowledge for both female and male students along with a limited role of doctors as information agents and little associated encouragement toward vaccination. Vaccine uptake was low with many young girls being largely unwilling to vaccinate in the future primarily due to the fear of side-effects and lack of information. Person location parameters (knowledge scores) were derived from a Rasch model with satisfactory reliability and validity. The resultant validated measure confirmed the low knowledge levels of Greek students. Nationality and birthplace seemed to affect knowledge level. Conclusions: Further improvement and validation of the knowledge measure used in this study can assist nationwide surveys in order to examine student knowledge regarding HPV and its vaccine. Our findings also stress the exacerbated need for effective nationwide educational campaigns aiming to inform adolescents about HPV and the associated vaccine. Appropriate incentives should also be given to physicians to increase their involvement. Parents and students should be thoroughly informed about the value of research similar to ours, in order to increase survey participation rates.

Andall-Brereton, G. M. and W. A. Mueller (2018). "Assessing violence and injury surveillance in the Caribbean." West Indian Medical Journal 67(4): 328-333.
	Objective: To determine the status of existing violence and injury prevention (VIP) efforts and surveillance systems in the Caribbean. Methods: The Caribbean Public Health Agency (CARPHA) undertook a survey to gather evidence of VIP in 24 CARPHA member states. The survey was administered to national epidemiologists and non-communicable disease focal points in October 2015 using an online tool, 'Survey Monkey'. Questions were asked about the availability in each country of VIP representative surveys, policies, action plans, laws, victim support services, and surveillance systems. Results: Nineteen (79%) countries completed the VIP survey. Only three (16%) countries indicated having conducted a nationally representative survey. Twelve (63%) had not developed a national policy, and 14 (74%) had not implemented an action plan on VIP. Each country reported the existence of VIP laws and offered victim support services, though average law enforcement ranged from 40% to 79%. Nine (47%) countries indicated using an injury registry, and 15 (79%) reported collecting injury data using in-patient records, mainly from public hospitals. All 19 countries confirmed that records of reported violent incidents were maintained by the police. Unique identifiers were generally lacking in registries and data collected by the police. Only four (44%) countries with registries, 10 (67%) countries with in-patient injury data, and 12 (63%) countries with police records indicated that the data were shared with other organizations. Conclusion: Each country reported some level of injury surveillance system. However, such systems should be harmonized to produce more complete baseline data. The use of unique identifiers is required to reduce duplication and effectively link surveillance systems available in countries.

Anderson, R. E., et al. (2018). "The psychometric properties of the Sexual Experiences Survey–Short Form Victimization (SES-SFV) and characteristics of sexual victimization experiences in college men." Psychology of Men & Masculinity 19(1): 25-34.
	Estimates of the rate of sexual victimization in college men vary wildly, likely because of the lack of validated measures. This study provides psychometric data on the Sexual Experiences Survey–Short Form Victimization (SES-SFV) and basic descriptive characteristics of sexual victimization of college men via the SES-SFV. Participants (n = 405) completed a web survey containing the study measures; a subset of 69 participants completed the SES-SFV again 1–3 weeks later. Convergent validity correlations were consistent but modest in size. Two-week test–retest reliability estimates varied widely by the type of sexual victimization assessed and scoring format used; dichotomous scores were the most reliable and category scores the worst. More than 1 in 4 participants (28%) reported experiencing sexual victimization at Time 1; most reported victimization frequencies greater than 1 (22.8% of sample). Using behaviorally specific items, 1 in 7 reported experiencing rape (14.1%). The most common type of sexual victimization experienced was unwanted sexual contact. Rape acknowledgment among men who experienced rape (12.2%) was much lower than has been observed in women. Our results indicate mixed evidence for the reliability and validity of the SES-SFV in college men, highlight important characteristics of sexual victimization in college men, and demonstrate the need for further research on the best strategies for the assessment of sexual victimization in college men. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2018 APA, all rights reserved)

Andersson, N., et al. (2009). "Collecting Reliable Information About Violence Against Women Safely in Household Interviews: Experience From a Large-Scale National Survey in South Asia." Violence against women 15(4): 482-496.
	This article describes the first national survey of violence against women in Pakistan from 2001 to 2004 covering 23,430 women. The survey took account of methodological and ethical recommendations, ensuring privacy of interviews through one person interviewing the mother-in-law while another interviewed the eligible woman privately. The training module for interviewers focused on empathy with respondents, notably increasing disclosure rates. Only 3% of women declined to participate, and 1% were not permitted to participate. Among women who disclosed physical violence, only one third had previously told anyone. Surveys of violence against women in Pakistan not using methods to minimize underreporting could seriously underestimate prevalence. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Violence Against Women is the property of Sage Publications Inc. and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Andraka-Christou, B., et al. (2019). "Court personnel attitudes towards medication-assisted treatment: A state-wide survey." Journal of Substance Abuse Treatment 104: 72-82.
	<bold>Background: </bold>Despite its efficacy, medication-assisted treatment (MAT) is rarely available in the criminal justice system in the United States, including in problem-solving courts or diversionary settings. Previous studies have demonstrated criminal justice administrators' hostility towards MAT, especially in prisons and jails. Yet, few studies have examined attitudes among court personnel or compared beliefs among different types of personnel. Also, few studies have explored the relationship between MAT education/training and attitudes. Finally, few studies have directly compared attitudes towards methadone, oral buprenorphine, and extended-release naltrexone in the criminal justice system.<bold>Methods: </bold>We modified a survey by Matusow et al. (2013) to explore justice professionals' MAT attitudes, including associations with demographic variables, court role, and previous MAT education/training. After piloting the survey, we distributed it to a convenience sample of justice professionals registered for an educational summit held in Indiana in 2018. Data was analyzed using descriptive and inferential statistical methods.<bold>Results: </bold>231 Indiana court employees who had registered for a state MAT educational summit completed the survey prior to the summit, including judges, probation officers, law enforcement personnel, attorneys, probation officers, program directors, counselors, and case managers. Overall, participants had significantly more positive attitudes towards extended-release naltrexone than towards other medications (p value <0.01). Court employee average attitudes towards methadone were significantly more negative than average attitudes towards oral buprenorphine; and average attitudes towards oral buprenorphine were significantly more negative than average attitudes towards extended-release naltrexone (p value <0.01). Employment as a prosecutor or law enforcement officer was associated with more negative attitudes towards oral buprenorphine and methadone (p value <0.05). Exposure to previous MAT training was associated with more positive attitudes for all medications (p value <0.05). Compared to participants with graduate degrees, participants with less education had significantly more negative attitudes towards extended-release naltrexone (p < 0.05). Gender, age, rurality, and personal/family recovery history were not associated with differences in attitudes.<bold>Conclusion: </bold>As expected, court employees' attitudes significantly differ by medication, with average attitudes towards agonist medications being more negative than attitudes towards extended-release naltrexone. Despite a larger evidence base for the efficacy of methadone and oral buprenorphine, justice personnel may have more positive attitudes towards extended-release naltrexone due to targeted marketing by the pharmaceutical manufacturer, fears about diversion or misuse of agonist medications, and historic criminal justice hostility towards agonist medications. Importantly, previous education/training regarding MAT is associated with more positive attitudes, suggesting that more awareness-raising or capacity building educational interventions are needed, especially for prosecutors and law enforcement personnel. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Journal of Substance Abuse Treatment is the property of Pergamon Press - An Imprint of Elsevier Science and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Aniebue, U. U. and P. N. Aniebue (2011). "Women's perception as a barrier to focused antenatal care in Nigeria: the issue of fewer antenatal visits." Health Policy and Planning 26(5): 423-428.
	The attitude of pregnant women to a new antenatal care model with four antenatal visits (focused antenatal care) is examined using a cross-sectional survey in Enugu, Nigeria. Only 20.3% of the parturients desired a change to the new model. Parturients who defaulted from antenatal care three or more times, those dissatisfied with their current antenatal care, senior civil servants and parturients who received secondary school education or less most commonly desired a change to the new model (P&lt;0.05). Default from antenatal care and dissatisfaction with current antenatal care were most predictive of the desire for change in multiple logistic regression analysis. The most common reasons for desiring the change were convenience (65.1%) and cost considerations (24.1%). Reasons given for the rejection of the new model were: fear of inadequate learning during antenatal care (45.7%), the suspicion that four visits were inadequate for familiarization with care providers (12.9%), the need for early detection of disease (6.7%) and social satisfaction from antenatal visits (6.7%). These concerns are amenable to change by health education and social mobilization.

Ankomah, A., et al. (2016). "ART access-related barriers faced by HIV-positive persons linked to care in southern Ghana: a mixed method study." BMC Infectious Diseases 16(738): (7 December 2016)-(2017 December 2016).
	Background: Timely and enduring access to antiretroviral therapy (ART) by HIV-infected individuals has been shown to substantially reduce HIV transmission risk, HIV-related morbidity and mortality. However, there is evidence that in addition to limited supply of antiretrovirals (ARVs) and linkage to ART in many low-income countries, HIV+ persons often encounter barriers in accessing ART-related services even in contexts where these services are freely available. In Ghana, limited research evidence exists regarding the barriers HIV+ persons already linked to ART face. This paper explores ART access-related barriers that HIV+ persons linked to care in southern Ghana face. Methods: A mixed method study design, involving a cross-sectional survey and qualitative in-depth interviews, was conducted to collect data from four healthcare providers and a total of 540 adult HIV+ persons receiving ART at four treatment centres in Ghana. We used univariate analysis to generate descriptive tabulations for key variables from the survey. Data from qualitative in-depth interviews were thematically analysed. Results from the survey and in-depth interviews were brought together to illuminate the challenges of the HIV+ persons. Results: All (100%) the HIV+ persons interviewed were ARV-exposed and linked to ART. Reasons for taking ARVs ranged from beliefs that they will suppress the HIV virus, desire to maintain good health and prolong life, and desire to prevent infection in unborn children, desire both to avoid death and to become good therapeutic citizens (abide by doctors' advice). Despite this, more than half of the study participants (63.3%) reported seven major factors as barriers hindering access to ART. These were high financial costs associated with accessing and receiving ART (26%), delays associated with receiving care from treatment centres (24%), shortage of drugs and other commodities (23%), stigma (8.8%), fear of side effects of taking ARVs (7.9%), job insecurity arising from regular leave of absence to receive ART (5.3%), and long distance to treatment centres (4.9%). Conclusions: The results in this study suggest that efforts to provide and scale-up ART to all HIV+ persons must be accompanied by interventions that address structural and individual level access barriers.

Ansari, A. A. (2014). "Clinical features and pathobiology of Ebolavirus infection." Journal of Autoimmunity 55: 1-9.
	There has clearly been a deluge of international press coverage of the recent outbreak of Ebolavirus in Africa and is partly related to the "fear factor" that comes across when one is confronted with the fact that once infected, not only is the speed of death in a majority of cases rapid but also the images of the cause of death such as bleeding from various orifices gruesome and frightening. The fact that it leads to infection and death of health care providers (10% during the current epidemic) and the visualization of protective gear worn by these individuals to contain such infection adds to this "fear factor". Finally, there is a clear perceived notion that such an agent can be utilized as a bioterrorism agent that adds to the apprehension. Thus, in efforts to gain an objective view of the growing threat Ebolavirus poses to the general public, it is important to provide some basic understanding for the lethality of Ebolavirus infection that is highlighted in Fig. 1. This virus infection first appears to disable the immune system (the very system needed to fight the infection) and subsequently disables the vascular system that leads to blood leakage (hemorrhage), hypotension, drop in blood pressure, followed by shock and death. The virus appears to sequentially infect dendritic cells disabling the interferon system (one of the major host anti-viral immune systems) then macrophages (that trigger the formation of blood clots, release of inflammatory proteins and nitric oxide damaging the lining of blood vessels leading to blood leakage) and finally endothelial cells that contribute to blood leakage. The virus also affects organs such as the liver (that dysregulates the formation of coagulation proteins), the adrenal gland (that destroys the ability of the patient to synthesize steroids and leads to circulation failure and disabling of regulators of blood pressure) and the gastro-intestinal tract (leading to diarrhea). The ability of the virus to disable such major mechanisms in the body facilitates the ability of the virus to replicate in an uncontrolled fashion leading to the rapidity by which the virus can cause lethality. Various laboratories have been working on defining such mechanisms utilizing in vitro culture systems, a variety of animal models including inbred strains of normal and select gene knock out mice, guinea pigs and nonhuman primates that have led to a better understanding of the potential mechanisms involved. There have also been some major advances made in the identification of therapies from the very simple (major supportive type of therapy), to the identification of a number of highly effective chemotherapeutic agents, a variety of highly effective preventive (demonstrating 100% effectiveness in nonhuman primate models) recombinant formulations (adenovirus based, VSV-based, rabies virus based), therapeutic candidate vaccines (cocktail of monoclonal antibodies such as ZMAPP) and alternate approaches (RNAi-based such as TKM-Ebola and antisense based such as AVI-7537) that show great promise and at an unprecedented rate of discovery that speaks well for the scientific research community at large.

Anthony, E. R. and S. L. Cook (2012). "Assessing the impact of gender-neutral language on disclosure of sexual violence." Psychology of Violence 2(3): 297-307.
	Objective: The adoption of gender-neutral language in the recently revised Sexual Experiences Survey (SESR) prompted this experimental investigation regarding the effect of survey language on disclosure of victimization and perpetration experiences. We theorized that norms and scripts governing heterosexual interaction normalize the use of verbal coercion, alcohol incapacitation, and threatened/physical force (tactics queried in the SESR) to obtain sexual behavior. Further, we suggest gender-specific language conveys the normalization of these tactics, as it makes salient the dominant heterosexual paradigm. We hypothesized that more participants in a gender-neutral language SESR condition would report verbally coerced, alcohol-incapacitated, and threatened/physically forced incidents than participants in a gender-specific language SESR condition. Method: We employed two 2 × 2 between-subjects factorial designs to measure self-reported incidents of each tactic among an ethnically diverse sample of young college women and men (N = 448). Results: Using logistic regression analyses, we found no differences in disclosure of verbally coerced, alcohol-incapacitated, or threatened or physically forced incidents between survey language conditions. Conclusions: As a result of the reported null findings, we conclude researchers should use the SESR, which is written in gender-neutral language, as this will facilitate standardization across studies and allow for the assessment of same-sex victimization and perpetration. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)

Antoniak, L. and M. Danowska-Oziewicz (2014). "Knowledge and opinions of students on additives used in food production." Polish Journal of Natural Sciences 29(3): 265-273.
	The objective of the study was to analyse the knowledge and opinions of students on additives used in food production. The studies were conducted in 2010 with a survey methodology using a questionnaire among 215 students from the University of Warmia and Mazury with a varied socio-demographic profile. The statistical analysis of empirical material included the analysis of frequency distribution of the recorded responses and the evaluation of the significance of the impact of the socio-demographic features on the investigated phenomena, chi-square test of Statistica 9.0 software (StatSoft Inc., USA) was applied to compare the data. It was demonstrated that the majority of respondents paid attention to the presence of additives in food products. By analyzing the results of students opinions on additives, it was shown that the highest proportion of respondents indicated that the use of additives was rather necessary. The knowledge of the purpose of adding preservatives, aromatizing compounds and stabilizers to food was predominantly correct among students. It was observed that the knowledge of antioxidants was smaller. Among a substantial proportion of the respondents, there were some fears on the use of additives. The existing fears may indicate a need for a wider informative approach towards consumers.

Antonio RodrÍGuez, J., et al. (2017). "INTERNATIONALIZING THE STUDY OF GANG MEMBERSHIP: VALIDATION ISSUES FROM LATIN AMERICA." British Journal of Criminology 57(5): 1165-1184.
	Developing valid measures of gang membership for self-report surveys is a challenging task in comparative cross-national research. In this article, we use the Venezuelan case to assess the validity of the Eurogang indicators of gang membership. Based on focus groups with adolescents and the results from two sweeps of the International Self-Report Survey of Juvenile Delinquency, we identify problems in the content and construct validities of the Eurogang items. We propose an alternative set of measures for cross-national studies of gang membership, focusing on a group’s reputation for violence (or broader criminal behaviour). [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of British Journal of Criminology is the property of Oxford University Press / USA and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Aquila, I., et al. (2014). "The Role of Forensic Botany in Crime Scene Investigation: Case Report and Review of Literature." Journal of Forensic Sciences 59(3): 820-824.
	Management of a crime is the process of ensuring accurate and effective collection and preservation of physical evidence. Forensic botany can provide significant supporting evidences during criminal investigations. The aim of this study is to demonstrate the importance of forensic botany in the crime scene. We reported a case of a woman affected by dementia who had disappeared from nursing care and was found dead near the banks of a river that flowed under a railroad. Two possible ways of access to crime scene were identified and denominated 'Path A' and 'Path B.' Both types of soil and plants were identified. Botanical survey was performed. Some samples of Xanthium Orientalis subsp. Italicum were identified. The fall of woman resulted in external injuries and vertebral fracture at autopsy. The botanical evidence is important when crime scene and autopsy findings are not sufficient to define the dynamics and the modality of death. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Journal of Forensic Sciences is the property of Wiley-Blackwell and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Araya, A. X., et al. (2013). "HIV-related symptoms and patient clusters among Chileans living with HIV." AIDS Care 25(4): 488-495.
	Identifying both Human immunodeficiency virus (HIV)-related and co-morbid symptoms experienced by people living with HIV (PLWH) who are receiving antiretroviral therapy (ART) treatment is a major challenge for healthcare providers globally. Yet, little research to date has examined the symptoms of illness experienced by PLWH including patients living in Central and South American. To address this gap, this study was designed to identify symptoms of HIV by socio-demographic and/or clinical characteristics among Chilean patients living with the virus. A convenience sample of 209 Chilean PLWH was recruited from an outpatient clinic in Santiago, Chile. A structured interview was used to elicit socio-demographic information and HIV symptoms status. Additional clinical information was obtained through a review of the participants' medical records. Results show that patients' most commonly reported HIV-related symptoms were fear/worries (66%), anxiety (52%), gas/bloating (50%), and thirst (50%). Multivariate analysis revealed a positive association between the number of reported HIV-related symptoms and number of years living with HIV. Having completed college was negatively associated with number of symptoms. Latent class analysis indicated that PLWH in the sample who had completed college were two times more likely to experience a mild intensity of HIV-related symptoms than their lesser educated counterparts. Similarly, logistic regression revealed that college-educated PLWH were twice as likely to be classified in the subgroup reporting mild intensity of symptoms than those who lacked a college degree. Overall, the study's results reveal that many Chilean PLWH, even those with high CD4 counts and low or undetectable viral loads, are not symptom free. The findings point to the need for clinicians to tailor a plan of care for individuals living with HIV that is based on their symptomatology.

Ariel, B. and M. Bland (2019). "CHAPTER 1: IS CRIME RISING OR FALLING? A COMPARISON OF POLICE-RECORDED CRIME AND VICTIMIZATION SURVEYS." Sociology of Crime, Law & Deviance 24: 7-31.
	Purpose - Statistics about the level of crime continue to attract public and political attention but are often presented in conflicting ways. In England and Wales, police-recorded crimes are no longer considered "national statistics" and, instead, the crime survey of England and Wales (CSEW) is used. However, it is not clear why partial population data (e.g., police-recorded crime) are considered less reliable or valid for measuring temporal crime trends in society than inferential statistical estimation models that are based on samples such as CSEW. This is particularly the case for approximating rare events like high-harm violence and specific harmful modus operandi (e.g., knife crime and firearms). In this chapter, the authors cross-reference victim survey and police-recorded data to determine similarities and contradictions in trends. Methods - Using police data and CSEW estimates, the authors contrast variance and logarithmic trend lines since 1981 across a range of data categories and then triangulate the results with assault records from hospital consultations. Findings - Change in crime rates in recent years is neither as unique nor extreme as promulgated in media coverage of crime. Moreover, analyses show conflicting narratives with a host of plausible but inconclusive depictions of the "actual" amount of crime committed in the society. The authors also conclude that neither source of data can serve as the benchmark of the other. Thus, both data systems suffer from major methodological perils, and the estimated crime means in CSEW, inferred from samples, are not necessarily more valid or accurate than police-recorded data (particularly for low-frequency and high-harm crimes). On the other hand police-recorded data are susceptible to variations in recording practices. As such, the authors propose a number of areas for further research, and a revised taxonomy of crime classifications to assist with future public interpretations of crime statistics. Originality - There is much public and academic discourse about different sources of crime measurement yet infrequent analysis of the precise similarities and differences between the methods. This chapter offers a new perspective on long-term trends and highlights an issue of much contemporaneous concern: rising violent crime. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Sociology of Crime, Law & Deviance is the property of Emerald Publishing and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Armborst, A. (2017). "How fear of crime affects punitive attitudes." European Journal on Criminal Policy & Research 23(3): 461-481.
	This article investigates different types of fear of crime as predictors for punitive attitudes. Using data from a Germany-wide representative survey ( n = 1272) it examines the reliability and validity of survey instruments through confirmatory factor analysis (CFA) and uses structural equation modeling (SEM) to explain variations in the level of respondents' punitive attitudes. The results show that different emotional and cognitive responses to crime have a distinctive effect on the formation of punitive attitudes. These effects vary significantly depending on socio-demographic factors and assumed purposes of punishment. A crucial observation of the study is that men's fear of crime works in a different way in the formation of punitive attitudes than women's fear of crime. The perceived locus of control for the crime threat is a possible explanation for this difference. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of European Journal on Criminal Policy & Research is the property of Springer Nature and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Aschauer, W. and J. Mayerl (2019). "The dynamics of ethnocentrism in Europe. A comparison of enduring and emerging determinants of solidarity towards immigrants." European Societies 21(5): 672-703.
	This article examines cross-national differences in solidarity towards immigrants in the EU. This concept of solidarity is operationalized through perceived ethnic threat vs. a positive view of multicultural society. The main argument of this article is that 'classical' enduring determinants (sociodemographic factors, subjective values and structural factors) are still able to explain ethnocentrism, but these factors are enriched and mediated by a cluster of five emerging explanatory factors which reflect societal malaise. These factors include dissatisfaction with society, political distrust, fear of social decline, lack of recognition, and social distrust. The thesis of societal malaise as a powerful concept to explain contemporary restrictions of macro-solidarity is tested with a Multiple-Group Structural Equation Model using data from 21 countries of the European Social Survey (wave 6 2012). A theory-guided approach is used to categorize European nations into six heterogeneous European areas. Statistical analyses reveal that new emerging factors of societal malaise indeed act as a mediator of classical explanations of ethnocentrism. From a comparative perspective, the determinants of macro-solidarity are strongly heterogeneous throughout the six European areas particularly between the East and West of the European Union.

Ashimolowo, O. R., et al. (2010). "Child street-trading activities and its effect on the educational attainment of its victims in Epe local government area of Lagos State." Journal of Agricultural Science (Toronto) 2(4): 211-220.
	This study examined child street trading activities and its effect on the educational attainment of its victims in Epe local government area of Lagos State. One hundred and twenty (120) respondents were selected from 6 communities using purposive sampling techniques, administered by means of interview guide. Children interviewed were between 10 and 18 years of age. Descriptive statistics and inferential statistics were used in data analysis. The study revealed that most (60.8%) of the children who engaged in trading are females while 39.2% were males. Also, 36.7% of the respondents are Christians while 40.3% are Muslims. Most (31.7%) of the respondents have a household size of 9-12 persons while 34.2% have father's occupation as fishing. Also, 45.8% have mother's occupation as trading. Only 20.0% undertake load carrying operation while 29.2% cited reason for involvement in street trading as poverty. Most (40.8%) are into sales of pure water. Majority of them earn a daily income of Naira 500-Naira 1000 while 36.7% work morning and afternoon. Nevertheless, 70.9% of the respondents are of the opinion that child trading activities have a negative effect on the reading schedule of children while 79.2% believes trading activities affect their school attendance rate. There is a significant relationship between daily income and pure water selling (χ2=22.22, p&lt;0.05), orange hawking and head carrier (χ2=21.72 p&lt;0.01). The study suggests the need for government to design appropriate programme aimed at poverty reduction and recommends mass enlightenment for the populace to reduce the menace.

Asif, M. F. and P. Zahid (2019). "Socio-demographic determinants of unmet need for family planning among married women in Pakistan." BMC public health 19(1226): (05 Se-(05 Se.
	Background: Family planning is considered as an effective tool to control population and to bring improvement in maternal and child health. The Government of Pakistan has been continuously struggling to improve the availability of family planning services. However, like many other developing countries of the world, unmet need for family planning still exists in the country. According to Pakistan Demographic and Health Survey 2012-13, the prevalence of unmet need for family planning is 21% in the country. The objective of this study is to investigate the determinants of unmet need for family planning among married women in Pakistan. Methods: Secondary data of Pakistan Demographic and Health Survey 2012-13 has been used to analyze the determinants of unmet need for family planning through Binary and Multinomial Logistic regressions. Results: Outcomes of the study show that the likelihood of unmet need for family planning among married women in Pakistan goes on to decrease with an increase in their age and education. The likelihood of unmet need for family planning decreases with the increase in wealth status of women's household, number of living children and husband's education. Similarly, the women residing in rural areas are more likely to have unmet need for family planning as compared with women living in urban areas. The women who lack mass media exposure, who are not employed and who have fear of side effects for using contraceptives are more likely to have unmet need for family planning. Conclusions: Fear of side effects for using contraceptives has been identified as the major cause of unmet need for family planning in Pakistan. The Government of Pakistan has been putting a lot of efforts to convince people about the usefulness of population control programs. A huge media campaign has been launched to persuade people about the benefits of birth control. But the efforts of the government do not seem to be very much effective to clear the perception of people about side effects of contraceptive use. Hence, fear of side effects still remains one of the most important reason behind unmet need for family planning.

Aslam, S. K., et al. (2015). "Is spousal violence being "vertically transmitted" through victims? Findings from the Pakistan demographic and health survey 2012-13." PLoS ONE 10(6): e0129790-e0129790.
	Introduction Violence against women is regarded as a major violation of human rights, and several socio-behavioral aspects among victims have been identified as important determinants of spousal violence experience. Pakistani nationally representative contextual evidence is scarce in this regard. We aimed to estimate prevalence of spousal violence, and explore its association with intergenerational transfer, and attitudinal acceptance of violence, among Pakistani ever-married women. Materials and Methods Data of 3,687 ever-married women from Pakistan Demographic and Health Survey, 2012-13 was used to perform secondary analysis. Logistic regression analyses were conducted. Association between the different forms of spousal violence and the independent variables: intergenerational transfer of spousal violence (mother also beaten up by father); and attitudinal acceptance of spousal violence (beating is justifies if wife argues with husband) were reported as Odds ratios with 95% confidence intervals (CI). Results: Overall, more than a third (n=1344, 37.9%) of ever-married women reported that they experienced spousal violence. Almost 68% (n=539) of the women who reported that their mothers were also beaten up by their fathers, were victims of spousal violence; and almost 47% (n=603) of the women who agreed that beating was justified if the wife argues with her husband, also suffered spousal violence. Intergenerational transfer (OR=5.71, 95%CI 4.40-7.41, p-value &lt;0.01), and attitudinal acceptance (OR=1.66, 95%CI 1.27-2.15, p-value &lt;0.01) were significantly associated with experience of physical violence even after adjusting for respondents' age at marriage, education level, wealth index, parity, employment status, and empowerment status. Conclusions: Spousal violence continues to haunt the lives of women in Pakistan, and is being transmitted as a learned behavior from mothers to daughters who tend to accept such violation of human rights. Girl children from such unfortunate homes may continue to transmit such behaviors, and thus may be targeted for future anti-domestic violence efforts.

Assis, S. G. d., et al. (2012). "Reports of domestic, sexual and other forms of violence against children in Brazil. / Notificações de violência doméstica, sexual e outras violências contra crianças no Brasil." Ciência & Saúde Coletiva 17(9): 2305-2317.
	The scope of this article is to outline the scenario of domestic, sexual and other forms of violence against children (0-9 years old) in Brazil for the year 2010. It is based on data from reports of domestic, sexual and other forms of violence registered with SINAN - Information System for Notifiable Diseases (Continuous VIVA). Absolute and relative numbers are presented, derived from reported violence, discriminating between children under 1 year of age and those between 1-9 years old, due to the specificities that exist in these age groups. Throughout the country, the number of reports among those under 10 years of age is low (17.1%). Differences were found for the distribution of reports in the different Brazilian States. Few municipalities and few services reported violence to SINAN-Net in 2010 in the country. Some differences were found between children under 1 year of age and those between 1 and 9 years of age, as for instance the relationship between the profile of the violence, the victim and the perpetrator, and the handling of the case. The quality of the reported information is discussed showing the high level of unreported data in some spaces of the reporting form. Lack of information may prejudice comprehension of the phenomenon, interfering with the planning, organization and operation actions of the health services in the country.

Atif, R., et al. (2018). "Reasons for non-vaccination and incomplete vaccinations among children in Pakistan." Vaccine 36(35): 5288-5293.
	Background: Global immunization efforts have received a boost through the introduction of several new vaccines. These efforts however, are threatened by sub-optimal vaccine coverage, particularly in countries with large birth cohorts. Pakistan has one of the largest birth cohorts in the world, where coverage of routine vaccination remains persistently inadequate. We undertook this study to ascertain reasons for non-vaccination or incomplete vaccination of children less than two years in 8 districts of southern Pakistan. Methods: A cross-sectional survey using WHO recommended rapid coverage assessment technique was conducted in 2014. Using probability proportional to size method, we sampled 8400 households with eligible children (aged 4-12 months). Using a structured questionnaire, mothers or other primary caregivers were interviewed to determine vaccination status of an index child. In case of non-vaccination or incomplete vaccination, respondents were asked for reasons leading to low/no vaccine uptake. Results: Based on both vaccination record and recall, only 30.8% of children were fully vaccinated, 46% had an incomplete vaccination status while 23%were non-vaccinated. The most frequently reported reasons for non-vaccination included: mothers/caregivers being unaware of the need for vaccination (35.3%), a fear of side effects (23%), mother/caregiver being too busy (16.6%), distance from vaccination centers (13.8%), and non-availability of either vaccinators or vaccines at vaccination centers (10.7%). Reasons identified for incomplete vaccination were similar, with caregivers being unaware of the need for subsequent doses (27.3%), non-availability of vaccinators or vaccines (17.7%), mother/caregiver being too busy (14.8%), fear of side effects (11.2%), and postponement for another time (8.7%). Conclusion: Various factors result in non-compliance with vaccination schedules and vaccine refusal within the surveyed communities, ranging from lack of knowledge to non-availability of supplies at vaccination centers. These barriers are best addressed through multi-pronged strategies addressing supply gaps, increasing community awareness and enhancing demand for routine vaccination services.

Avabratha, K. S., et al. (2011). "A study of psychosocial problems in families with HIV-infected children in coastal Karnataka." Genomic Medicine, Biomarkers and Health Sciences 3(2): 72-75.
	Individuals infected with HIV and AIDS and their families have to cope with a multitude of stressors. These chronic and stigmatized conditions can affect the overall functioning and lifestyle of affected children and their families. The aim of this study was to assess the impact of a child's illness on psychosocial issues for parents or caregivers and the problems they face. The descriptive study was carried out at Kasturba Medical College Hospital, Mangalore, India. In total, 27 parents or relatives of HIV-positive children were interviewed after obtaining consent. The male/female ratio of affected children was 0.9:1 and the majority of the children were &gt;5 years of age. Ten children were looked after by both parents, 13 by one parent and four by relatives. The majority of the families had a per capita income of &lt; Rs500 per month and a low education level. Of the three children who knew about their illness, two showed behavioral changes. HIV status was known in school for 12 of the 20 school-going children, and discrimination was observed in one case. Family members were supportive in 65% of cases and opposition and fear were the reactions in 30%. Healthcare providers were unsupportive in two cases. Monthly medical expenditure varied from Rs250 to Rs1500. Fifteen children were on antiretroviral therapy largely funded by voluntary organizations. Ninety two percent of the caregivers were aware of the modes of transmission, 85% of the preventive measures and 70% of the complications of HIV/AIDS. In conclusion, in spite of all the efforts raise awareness of HIV, social discrimination and stigmatization persist. General improvements in socioeconomic status and levels of knowledge and well-organized health programs will go a long way in the battle against HIV/AIDS.

Averdijk, M. and H. Elffers (2012). "The discrepancy between survey-based victim accounts and police reports revisited." International Review of Victimology 18(2): 91-107.
	This article investigates the discrepancy between victimization surveys and police data, or the extent to which crimes that are reported in one source can be traced back to the other. We used traditional reverse and forward record checks to investigate reciprocal validity. In addition, we designed a new, more comprehensive measure that is more optimally geared towards calculating the total discrepancy between the two data sources. We used victimization surveys and police data from Amsterdam, The Netherlands. Results of the reverse record check showed that in 48% of cases a survey respondent did not mention victimization, even though it appeared in police registration. Results of the forward record check showed that only 35% of reported victimization in the survey could be traced back to police data within the reference period. Forward telescoping occurred in 28% of cases. In 7% of cases, respondents reported victimization experienced by household members. Furthermore, 29% of victimization reported to the police according to survey respondents could not be traced back to police data. Finally, we calculated the total discrepancy between the police data and the victimization survey and found that reports of 18% of respondents in the victimization survey were not congruent with the police data. Adapted from the source document.

Azarkar, Z. and G. Sharifzadeh (2010). "Evaluation of the prevalence of hepatitis B, hepatitis C, and HIV in inmates with drug-related convictions in Birjand, Iran in 2008." Hepatitis Monthly 10(1): 26-30.
	Background and Aims: Hepatitis B virus (HBV), hepatitis C virus (HCV), and human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) are common infections among prisoners. Addicted prisoners are at a higher risk than the normal population for contracting these diseases. Many studies have reported higher prevalence rates of HBV, HCV, and HIV in prisoners. Because of this problem, this study was conducted to evaluate the serologic prevalence of these three diseases in prisoners convicted of drug-related crimes. Methods: A descriptive cross-sectional study was conducted on a random sample of prisoners with drug charges who were inmates in a prison in Birjand, Iran. Information was collected via questionnaire after obtaining prisoners' informed consent and blood samples were tested for hepatitis B surface antigen (HBsAg), antibodies to HCV (anti-HCV), and anti-bodies to HIV (anti-HIV). The results were analyzed by chi-square tests. Results: In this study, 358 prisoners were selected. 80.2% of prisoners were male, and 19.8% were female. The average age was 34.7±12 years. 39.1% were addicted to drugs, 54.2% were smokers, and 19.3% had tattoos. 8.4% had had extramarital intercourse, and 16.8% had had a sexually transmitted disease (STD) in past. HBsAg, anti-HCV, and anti-HIV prevalence in these samples were 6.1%, 8.1%, and 0%, respectively. The prevalence rate of HBV in the addicted prisoners was 4.3%, and the rate in non-addicted prisoners was 7.3% (P=0.24). The prevalence of HCV in addicted prisoners was 15.7%, and the prevalence in non-addicted prisoners was 3.2%; this difference was significant (P&lt;0.001). Furthermore, a significant difference between the prevalence of HBV and extramarital intercourse was noted (P&lt;0.005). A significant difference between HCV and transfusion, history of STDs, addiction, and tattooing was noted. Conclusions: The survey showed that HCV, HBV, and HIV prevalence rates in prisoners were 8.1%, 6.1%, 0%, respectively. The prevalence rates of HCV and HBV in addicted prisoners were 15.7% and 4.3%, respectively. Studies performed in Iran and other countries have shown that the prevalence rates of HBV, HCV, and HIV in addicted prisoners were higher than the rates in non-addicted prisoners. These results indicate that HBV, HCV, and HIV are significant problems in prisons, and efforts to reduce the risk of these infections, such as education and vaccination, should be considered.

Babazadeh, T., et al. (2016). "Epidemiology of acute animal bite and the direct cost of rabies vaccination." Journal of Acute Disease 5(6): 488-492.
	Objective: To describe the epidemiological aspects of animal bites and to calculate the financial burden resulting from rabies vaccination in Chalderan City. Methods: In this cross-sectional study, records of all victims of animal bites in a seven-year period were reviewed. Studied variables included demographic information of victims, biters' profile, time and place patterns, clinical aspects of the victims and the cost of vaccination. Results: Most of bites were observed in men in the age group of 10-19 years old, at rural areas and occupational group of farmers. The vast majority of animal bites happened by dogs and domestic animals. The average age of victims with head and neck injuries was lower than that of victims with injuries in the lower extremities, shoulders and hands (P=0.001). The cost of vaccination was 11 665 dollars with three doses of rabies vaccine and 849 dollars for five doses, and the 12 514 dollars cumulative frequency in the studied period. Based on the results of trend test, the incidence of animal bites was increased significantly during the study period (P=0.02). Conclusions: The results of this study showed that due to the increasing incidence of animal bites and the financial burden resulting from animal bite vaccination, it is necessary to design and implement preventive measures in order to reduce the animal bites.

Bačanović, O. and N. Jovanova (2012). "Fear of Crime among Inhabitants of Skopje." Strah pred kriminaliteto med prebivalci Skopja. 14(4): 478-500.
	Purpose: The article gives basic notes about fear of crime as an important issue in contemporary criminology, describes certain characteristics of fear of crime in Skopje, and compares socio-demographic variables and the socio-psychological model of fear of crime proposed by Van der Wurff, Van Staalduinen and Stringer (1989). Design/Methods/Approach: The study employed a multi-stage random probability sampling method for a survey among citizens of urban areas of the capital of the Republic of Macedonia (Skopje) using face-to- face interviews conducted in March, 2009. Findings: The results showed that the respondents felt relatively safe in their neighbourhood; however, 67% of them pointed out that there were certain parts in the city where they didn't want to go.The results show that greater fear of crime occurs among women, the elderly, those who think that woods are unsafe, those who fear they are not capable of chasing potential assailants, and those who sometimes imagine that someone would obstruct their path and when they go out make sure to take a safe route. Comparing the results of the regression analysis, the socio-psychological model does not explain fear of crime among respondents (R-Square, adj- 0.25) more than socio-demographic model. This indicates that further research should employ new psychological variables for better operationalization of existing models. Research Limitations/Implications: The results refer only to urban areas of Skopje. Improvements should be made to the questions used in the questionnaire paying special attention to the operationalization of the impact of the media on fear of crime. Originality/Value: The article will contribute to raising the importance of the issue of fear of crime as a significant part of criminal policy especially in the Republic of Macedonia. (English) [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Namen prispevka: Članek podaja osnovne podatke o strahu pred kriminaliteto kot pomembnem vidiku sodobne kriminologije, opisuje določene značilnosti strahu pred kriminaliteto v Skopju in primerja spremenljivke sociodemografskega in socialnopsihološkega modela strahu pred kriminaliteto po Van der Wurffu, Van Staalduinenu in Stringerju (1989). Oblike/metode/pristop: Raziskava je temeljila na večstopenjskem slučajnostnem vzorčenju gospodinjstev med prebivalci mestnih območij glavnega mesta Makedonije. V Skopju so za raziskavo v marcu 2009 raziskovalci uporabili neposredni strukturirani intervju. Ugotovitve: Rezultati so pokazali, da se anketiranci v soseski počutijo relativno varne, kljub temu pa jih je 67 % navedlo, da obstajajo določeni deli mesta, kamor niso želeli iti. Rezultati kažejo, da se večji del strahu pred kriminaliteto pojavlja pri starejših ženskah, tistih, ki menijo, da so gozdovi nevarni, tistih, ki se bojijo, da ne morajo zasledovati potencialnega napadalca in pri tistih, ki si včasih predstavljajo, da jih bo nekdo oviral na njihovi poti in zato raje izberejo varnejšo. Če primerjamo rezultate regresijske analize, socialnopsihološki model ne pojasni strahu pred kriminaliteto med anketiranci (R-kvadrat 0.25) bistveno bolj kot sociodemografski model. To kaže, da je potrebno pri nadaljnjih raziskavah uporabljati nove psihološke spremenljivke za boljšo operacionalizacijo obstoječih modelov. Omejitve raziskave: Rezultati se nanašajo le na mestne dele Skopja. Izboljšave je potrebno narediti pri vprašanjih, uporabljenih v vprašalniku, s posebnim poudarkom na operacionalizaciji vpliva medijev na strah pred kriminaliteto. Izvirnost: Članek bo prispeval k večanju pomena vprašanja strahu pred kriminaliteto kot pomembnega dela kriminalitetne politike, še posebno v Republiki Makedoniji. (Slovenian) [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Varstvoslovje: Journal of Criminal Justice & Security is the property of University of Maribor, Faculty of Criminal Justice & Security and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Bagatini, P. B., et al. (2017). "An evaluation of aversive memory and hippocampal oxidative status in streptozotocin-induced diabetic rats treated with resveratrol." Neuroscience Letters 636: 184-189.
	The present study evaluated the effects of streptozotocin (STZ)-induced diabetes on aversive memory, free radical content and enzymatic antioxidant activity in the hippocampus of adult Wistar rats submitted to oral treatment with resveratrol. Animals were divided into eight groups: non-diabetic rats treated with saline (ND SAL), non-diabetic rats treated with resveratrol at a dose 5 mg/kg (ND RSV 5), non-diabetic rats treated with resveratrol at a dose 10 mg/kg (ND RSV 10), non-diabetic rats treated with resveratrol at a dose 20 mg/kg (ND RSV 20), diabetic rats treated with saline (D SAL), diabetic rats treated with resveratrol at a dose 5 mg/kg (D RSV 5), diabetic rats treated with resveratrol at a dose 10 mg/kg (D RSV 10) and diabetic rats treated with resveratrol at a dose 20 mg/kg (D RSV 20). The animals received oral gavage for 35 days. The contextual fear conditioning task was performed to evaluate aversive-based learning and memory. The oxidative status was evaluated in the hippocampus, by measuring the free radical content ′ using a 2′,7′-dichlorofluorescein diacetate probe ′ and enzymatic antioxidant activities, such as superoxide dismutase and glutathione peroxidase. Our main behavioral results demonstrated that rats from the D RSV 10 and D RSV 20 groups showed an increase in freezing behavior when compared, respectively, to the ND RSV 10 (p&lt;0.01) and ND RSV 20 (p&lt;0.05). Oxidative stress parameters remained unchanged in the hippocampus of all the experimental groups. In contrast to previous experimental findings, our study was unable to detect either cognitive impairments or oxidative stress in the hippocampus of the diabetic rats. We suggest additional long-term investigations be conducted into the temporal pattern of STZ-induced diabetic disruption in memory and hippocampal oxidative status, as well as the effects of resveratrol on these parameters, in a time and dose-dependent manner.

Bahar, M. A., et al. (2014). "Burns in Tehran: demographic, etiological, and clinical trends." Asian Biomedicine 8(2): 241-245.
	Background: Burns are a major public health problem. They often require intensive care and long periods of hospitalization. In Tehran, about 5% of all hospitalized injuries are burns. There are no published long-term epidemiological studies regarding burn injuries of adults in Iran. Objective: To identify risk factors for burn injuries and provide a starting point for the establishment of an effective prevention plan. Methods: We analyzed the demographic, etiological, and clinical data of 1860 burn patients admitted to a major acute care hospital in Tehran between March 2010 and April 2011. Data were obtained from the registry recorded in Shahid Motahari Trauma Hospital and evaluated using a chi-square test. Results: Males were more than twice as likely to be burn patients than females (72.0% vs. 28.0%). Second and third-degree burns with a body surface area of 21%-30% constituted the highest injury reported (75.3%). The most common causes of the recorded burns were natural gas, gasoline (42%) and open fire (10.2%). Unintentional burns were reported in 85% of the cases, and 15% of the burn victims were suicide-related incidents; mainly among women. In 75% of suicide attempts, women set themselves on fire to commit suicide. The mean duration of hospitalization was 25 days and the mortality rate was 10.7%. Mean age of reported deaths was 38.6 years; with a mean of 30 years among women and 51.5 years among men. Conclusion: The group at highest risk was young men 21-30 years old. However, an astonishing finding was that 75% of suicidal-related incidents involved women setting themselves on fire. Those with the highest mortality rate were victims of burns with gas, gasoline, and kerosene; with a mean age of 30 years of death among women.

Baier, D. (2018). "Computer-assisted versus paper-and-pencil self-report delinquency surveys: Results of an experimental study." European Journal of Criminology 15(4): 385-402.
	Self-report delinquency studies among adolescents are frequently conducted as paper-and-pencil studies. With the introduction of computers in schools, a new infrastructure for interviewing students is available. Until now only a few criminological studies deal with the question of whether paper-and-pencil and computer-assisted surveys lead to the same results. This question is analysed using a paper-and-pencil sample of 2033 adolescents and a netbook sample of 610 adolescents. In contrast to other experiments, not only are prevalence rates of delinquent behaviour compared but also prevalence rates of factors influencing delinquent behaviour, correlations between these factors and the behaviour, missing values and evaluations of the survey by the adolescents. Among others, the analyses differentiate between gender and educational groups. All in all, largely no differences were found between the two methods regarding all these topics. The netbook survey obtained the same results as the paper-and-pencil survey. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of European Journal of Criminology is the property of Sage Publications, Ltd. and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Baier, D. and C. Branig (2009). "Ist Selbstkontrolle ein ein- oder ein mehrdimensionales Konstrukt?" Is self-control a one- or multi-dimensional empirical construct? 92(6): 505-525.
	According to Gottfredson & Hirschi's (1990) theoretical approach, self-control is a personality trait consisting of different sub-dimensions. This study examines whether three of these sub-dimensions (risk-seeking, impulsiveness, and temper) are really part of an underlying syndrome (one-dimensional viewpoint). Additionally, a multi-dimensional viewpoint is also suggested; this implies that these sub-dimensions are independent of each other, but correlated to one another. Because factor analysis cannot help to decide which of the two viewpoints is right, several structural equation models are tested that simultaneously take into account causes, consequences, and opportunities of low self-control. Results show that causes such as parental monitoring, parental violence, or gender explain the three sub-dimensions of low self-control to differing degrees. The three sub-dimensions also explain delinquency in a different manner. It is only in the case of risk-seeking that correlations can be found that one would expect from the self-control theory. In contrast, impulsiveness is not or is only in a negative sense, related to delinquency. (English) [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Selbstkontrolle wird in der Theorie von Gottfredson & Hirschi (1990) als Persönlichkeitseigenschaft verstanden, die sich aus verschiedenen Subdimensionen zusammensetzt. Im Beitrag wird untersucht, ob drei der genannten Dimensionen (Risikosuche, Impulsivität, Temperament) tatsächlich Ausdruck eines übergeordneten Syndroms sind und damit eine eindimensionale Sichtweise von Selbstkontrolle nahelegen oder ab es sich um zwar miteinander korrelierte, aber zugleich auch unabhängige Persönlichkeitseigenschaften handelt, Selbstkontrolle also em mehrdimensionales Konstrukt ist. Da Faktoren-analysen allein nicht ausreichen, um diese Frage zu beantworten, werden verschiedene Strukturgleichungsmodelle getestet, die sowohl die Ursachen und Folgen niedriger Selbstkontrolle berücksichtigen als auch deren Interaktion mit Opportunitäten. Im Ergebnis zeigt sich, dass die einbezogenen Ursachenfaktoren (elterliches Kontrollverhalten, Elterngewalt, Geschlecht) die einzelnen Dimensionen der Selbstkontrolle in sehr unterschiedlichem Maße erklären. Die einzelnen Dimensionen sagen auch in unterschiedlichem Maße Delinquenz vorher. Nur für die Risikosuche sind durchgängig den theoretischen Vorhersagen entsprechende Zusammenhänge feststellbar. Impulsivität steht hingegen in keinem bzw. in einem negativen Zusammenhang mit Delinquenz. (German) [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Monatsschrift fuer Kriminologie und Strafrechtsreform is the property of De Gruyter and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Baier, D., et al. (2010). "Die Selbst-Delegitimierung legitimer Kritik. Replik auf den Beitrag von Walter Fuchs im KrimJ 4/2009." The Self-Delegitimising of Legitimate Critique. An Answer to Walter Fuchs (Criminological Journal 4/2009). 42(2): 143-150.
	With his article in the Criminological Journal 4/2009 Walter Fuchs harshly criticised a nationwide representative survey about juvenile delinquency conducted by our institute (Baler et al. 2009). In this article we reply to the main critical comments of Walter Fuchs and show that this critique partly delegitimises itself. (English) [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Walter Fuchs hat in einem Diskussionsbeitrag im Kriminologischen Journal 4/2009 scharfe Kritik an unserem Forschungsbericht zu einer deutschlandweit repräsentativen Dunkelfeldbefragung unter Jugendlichen (Baier et al. 2009) geübt. In unserer Replik gehen wir auf zentrale Kritikpunkte von Fuchs ein und zeigen, dass sich diese Kritik in Teilen selbst delegitimiert. (German) [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Kriminologisches Journal is the property of Julius Beltz GmbH & Co. KG Beltz Juventa and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Bajin ba Ndob, I., et al. (2016). "Ethnobotanical survey of medicinal plants used as anthelmintic remedies in Gabon." Journal of Ethnopharmacology 191: 360-371.
	Ethnopharmacological relevance: In this article, we report on an ethnobotanical survey realized at the Peyrie market in Libreville on Gabonese medicinal plants used to treat helminthiasis. While several alerts about cases of resistance to conventional anthelmintic treatments are causing to fear a public and animal health issue, the search for new sources of active compounds becomes an urgent issue. In Gabon like in many developing countries, people regularly turn to traditional medicine in case of physical ailments and/or spiritual healing therapies. Materials and methods: To determine which medicinal plants are traditionally used by the populations of Libreville to fight against nematodes, medicinal plant traders were interviewed with standardized questionnaires. The surveys were conducted in the main market of Libreville. Ethnobotanical data such as frequency and percentage of families, species, administrations pathways, modes of preparations and parts of plants used were analyzed and summarized. Results: Thirty-four (34) traders were interviewed belonging to five (5) different ethnic groups. Twenty-four 24 plants used to treat intestinal, cutaneous and ocular helminthiasis were listed. The healers mainly turned towards to ligneous species. The parts of the plant used are mostly leaves and trunk bark. Most of the traditional remedies are prepared directly in water and four (4) principal routes were used for administration namely, oral, rectal, ocular and dermal. Conclusion: This study allowed us to list anthelmintic species which will be subjected to a series of chemical and pharmacological assays.

Bajric´, E., et al. (2018). "The reliability and validity of the three modified versions of the Children's Fear Survey Schedule-Dental Subscale of 9-12 year old children in a clinical setting in Bosnia and Herzegovina." Acta Medica Academica 47(1): 1-10.
	Objectives. This study sought to obtain a comprehensive, reliable and valid instrument for evaluation of the presence of dental fear and anxiety (DFA) in children, through evaluation of the reliability and validity of three modified versions of the Children's Fear Survey Schedule-Dental Subscale (CFSS-DS). Materials and Methods. The study sample comprised children aged 9, 10, 11 and 12 years. The first sample group (200 patients) filled in a modified version of the CFSSDS scale, the second sample group (100 patients) filled in a short form of the Dental Fear Survey Schedule, and the third sample group (100 patients) filled in a short version of the CFSS-DS scale, prior to dental treatment, respectively. In order to determine test-retest reliability, the 184 patients from the first sample group filled in the modified version of the CFSS-DS scale again, prior to their next scheduled dental appointment. Results. The modified version of the CFSS-DS scale had the best internal consistency reliability (α=0.907), as well as validity results, compared to the other two instruments used. Test-retest reliability was moderate (Intraclass correlation coefficient: 0.58). Conclusions. Of the three psychometric instruments used for evaluation of DFA presence in children, the modified version of the CFSS-DS scale showed the most clinically adequate reliability and validity values. This study thus provides a new psychometric instrument that should be considered for clinical use in evaluation of DFA presence in 9-12 year-olds, in a clinical setting sample type of children.

Bakhshi, B., et al. (2015). "Clonal dissemination of a single Vibrio cholerae O1 biotype El Tor strain in Sistan-Baluchestan province of Iran during 2013." Current Microbiology 71(2): 163-169.
	Although much is known about the mechanisms affecting cholera spread, cholera outbreaks occur annually in Iran. The aim of this study was to characterize and assess the clonal correlation of strains obtained from an outbreak in 2013 in Iran. Thirty-three strains of Vibrio cholerae were isolated from stool sample of patients majority of them belonged to Afghan nationality. PCR and sequencing analysis was performed to characterize virulence and resistance associates genes and cassettes. Clonality of isolates was assessed by Pulsed-field gel electrophoresis (PFGE) method. The ctx, zot, and tcp genes were present in 100% of isolates. The wbeT gene was absent in all V. cholerae outbreak isolates, integrity of which is essential for Ogawa phenotype. This correlates with Inaba phenotype of all isolates under study. Sequencing of the ctxB+ strains revealed that all isolates (El Tor strains) possessed the ctxB sequence of classical biotype allele known as El Tor variant strains. No class 1 or 2 integrons were detected among the isolates which indicate that in spite of high rate of resistance, integrons do not play an important role in V. cholerae resistance. All isolates were chloramphenicol sensitive all of which showed resistance to tetracycline and harbored the tetB resistance gene. PFGE analysis showed identical pulsotypes indicative of clonal dissemination of a single V. cholerae strain among the patients under study. Clonal cholera outbreak in boarder cities is alarming due to fear of import and spread of V. cholerae strains from out of the country which may lead to more spreading epidemics.

Baldwin, J. M. (2017). "Whom Do They Serve? A National Examination of Veterans Treatment Court Participants and Their Challenges." Criminal Justice Policy Review 28(6): 515-554.
	The veterans treatment court (VTC) is a recently developed specialized court that targets the growing population of veterans in contact with the criminal justice system. Using data collected from the first national survey of VTCs in 2012, this study explores who VTC participants are by creating a descriptive portrait of their personal and military characteristics and the legal, extralegal, and programmatic challenges they face. This study also examines the perceived relationships between military service and legal and extralegal issues. This research produces the first early illustration of VTC participants on a national level, finding similarity and variability across VTCs, in comparison with the national veteran population, and between servicemen and servicewomen on a variety of factors. Furthermore, this study identifies recent changes in the VTC participant population. Recommendations for VTC programs and for research on justice-involved veterans and active-duty personnel are provided in light of the fluid VTC population. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Criminal Justice Policy Review is the property of Sage Publications Inc. and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Baldwin, S. B., et al. (2011). "Identification of human trafficking victims in health care settings." Health and Human Rights: An International Journal 13(1): un-un.
	Background: An estimated 18,000 individuals are trafficked into the United States each year from all over the world, and are forced into hard labor or commercial sex work. Despite their invisibility, some victims are known to have received medical care while under traffickers' control. Our project aimed to characterize trafficking victims' encounters in US health care settings. Methods: The study consisted of semi-structured interviews with six Key Informants who work closely with trafficking victims (Phase I) and 12 female trafficking survivors (Phase II). All survivors were recruited through the Coalition to Abolish Slavery and Trafficking, an NGO in Los Angeles, and all were trafficked into Los Angeles. Interviews were conducted in English and six other languages, with the assistance of professional interpreters. Using a framework analysis approach that focused on victims' encounters in health care settings, we assessed interview transcript content and coded for themes. We used an exploratory pile-sorting technique to aggregate similar ideas and identify overarching domains. Results: The survivors came from 10 countries. Eight had experienced domestic servitude, three had survived sex trafficking, and one had experienced both. Half the survivors reported that they had visited a physician while in their traffickers' control, and another worked in a health care facility. All Key Informants described other victims who had received medical care. For domestic servants, medical visits were triggered by injury and respiratory or systemic illness, while sex trafficking victims were seen by health professionals for sexually transmitted infections and abortion. Trafficking victims were prevented from disclosing their status to health care providers by fear, shame, language barriers, and limited interaction with medical personnel, among other obstacles. Discussion: This exploration of survivors' experiences in health care settings supports anecdotal reports that US health care providers may unwittingly encounter human trafficking victims. Increasing awareness of human trafficking, and modifying practice to facilitate disclosure, could improve victim identification.

Bandason, T., et al. (2013). "Burden of HIV among primary school children and feasibility of primary school-linked HIV testing in Harare, Zimbabwe: a mixed methods study." AIDS Care 25(12): 1520-1526.
	Population-based surveys in Southern Africa suggest a substantial burden of undiagnosed HIV-infected long-term survivors of mother-to-child transmission. We conducted an HIV prevalence survey of primary school pupils in Harare, Zimbabwe, and evaluated school-linked HIV counselling and testing (HCT) for pupils, their families and schoolteachers. Population-weighted cluster sampling was used to select six primary schools. Randomly selected class-grade pupils underwent anonymous HIV testing, with concurrent school-linked family HCT offered during the survey. Focus group discussions and interviews were conducted with pupils, parents/guardians, counsellors, and schoolteachers. About 4386 (73%) pupils provided specimens for anonymous HIV testing. Median age was 9 years (IQR 8-11), and 54% were female. HIV prevalence was 2.7% (95% CI: 2.2-3.1) with no difference by gender. HIV infection was significantly associated with orphanhood, stunting, wasting, and being one or more class grades behind in school due to illness (p&lt;0.001). After adjusting for covariates, orphanhood and stunting remained significantly associated with being HIV positive (p&lt;0.001). Uptake of diagnostic HIV testing by pupils was low with only 47/4386 (1%) pupils undergoing HCT. The HIV prevalence among children under 15 years who underwent HIV testing was 6.8%. The main barrier to HIV testing was parents' fear of their children experiencing stigma and of unmasking their own HIV status should the child test HIV positive. Most guardians believed that a child's HIV-positive result should not be disclosed and the child could take HIV treatment without knowing the reason. Increased recognition of the high burden of undiagnosed HIV infection in children is needed. Despite awareness of the benefits of HIV testing, HIV-related stigma still dominates parents/guardians' psychological landscape. There is need for comprehensive information and support for families to engage with HIV testing services.

Barata-Cavalcanti, O., et al. (2019). "Informing a roadmap for cross-sectoral collaboration on portion size management as a national strategy to improve population nutrition - a Delphi study." Obesity Science and Practice 5(3): 189-202.
	Background: Addressing food portion sizes is a key untapped opportunity to help tackle obesity. This study sought to inform the agenda of a national movement involving diverse sectors to manage portion sizes in packaged foods, restaurants, cafeterias and prepared foods in grocery stores. Methods: A Delphi study was conducted with representatives from public health, private-sector food companies and academia that formed a panel of experts (n=32). Three iterative rounds of surveys were administered over 3 months. The surveys gathered opinions on psychological mindsets affecting portion size choice, eating habits, portion perception and distortion, passive overconsumption and challenges and advantages of this tool to improve population nutrition. The survey also inquired about visions for a future food environment. After every round, responses were analysed and questions narrowed to reach group consensus on specific items in the subsequent round. Results: Although many experts fear that portion size interventions might be perceived as paternalistic, 91% of respondents agreed stealth interventions were preferable. Seventy-three per cent of experts believed that the most impactful portion size intervention was product reformulation while smaller packages were the most effective intervention according to only 28% of experts. The majority of the panel (59%) also believed that creating an artificial stopping point in packages was the best strategy to reduce food consumption. Finally, the study found that one of the most complex aspects of establishing a multi-sector collaboration for obesity prevention was to ascertain trust in the private sector's ability to balance profit versus social responsibility. [Corrections added on 21 March 2019, after first online publication: The percentage of experts who believed that small packages were the most effective intervention has been changed from "16%" to "28%".] Conclusion: This study informs the agenda of a cross-sectoral, coordinated movement to tackle obesity through a combination of changing social norms, individual behaviours and industry practices around portion size. Although cross-sectoral collaboration for non-communicable disease prevention is encouraged by different organizations, strategic efforts to define a common agenda on portion size have been limited thus far. This research highlights important strategies in portion size interventions and steps needed for the success of such a movement, as part of a wider effort across sectors and stakeholders to halt and reverse obesity rates in the USA.

Bardosh, K., et al. (2014). "Controlling parasites, understanding practices: the biosocial complexity of a One Health intervention for neglected zoonotic helminths in northern Lao PDR." Social Science & Medicine 120: 215-223.
	A parasitological survey in northern Lao PDR showed a remote ethnic minority village to be hyper-endemic for Taenia solium, a Neglected Tropical Disease (NTD) that impacts human and pig health. An intervention combining human Mass Drug Administration (MDA) with porcine vaccination and antihelmintic treatment was then implemented, targeting both T. solium and other soil-transmitted helminths. To understand the biosocial complexity of this integrated One Health intervention, we conducted a rapid ethnographic study exploring the transmission dynamics of T. solium and locally acceptable long-term control options. Informed by two years of project work in the village, this included six focus group discussions, 35 semi-structured interviews, a latrine survey, a school-based education meeting, participant observation and many unstructured interviews conducted over two weeks in October 2013. We found that risk behaviours were mediated by various social determinants including limited market access, interrelationships between alcohol, ancestral sacrifices and the consumption of raw pork, seasonal variations and poor latrine coverage. Only sixteen percent of households had latrines, attributed to the unacceptability of dry latrines, lack of water access, poor building techniques and poverty. Whilst women could explain T. solium transmission, most men and children could not, revealing that distributed posters/leaflets relied too heavily on text and ambiguous images. Compliance with MDA was high due to trust between project staff and village leaders. However understandings of pharmacology, minor side effects, human migration and children's fear of worms may lead to resistance in future programmes. Our research highlights the complexities of controlling T. solium and other soil-transmitted helminths in a remote ethnic minority village and the need to integrate biomedical and participatory approaches. Although we showcase the heuristic value of using rapid ethnography to inform intervention strategies as part of a One Health/NTD agenda, we also identify several possible paradoxes and conundrums in embedding locally-grounded biosocial analysis into NTD programmes. These need to be acknowledged and negotiated by multidisciplinary teams.

Bardosh, K., et al. (2014). "Eliminating rabies in Tanzania? Local understandings and responses to mass dog vaccination in Kilombero and Ulanga districts." PLoS Neglected Tropical Diseases 8(6): e2935-e2935.
	Background: With increased global attention to neglected diseases, there has been a resurgence of interest in eliminating rabies from developing countries through mass dog vaccination. Tanzania recently embarked on an ambitious programme to repeatedly vaccinate dogs in 28 districts. To understand community perceptions and responses to this programme, we conducted an anthropological study exploring the relationships between dogs, society, geography and project implementation in the districts of Kilombero and Ulanga, Southern Tanzania. Methodology/Principal Findings: Over three months in 2012, we combined the use of focus groups, semi-structured interviews, a household questionnaire and a population-based survey. Willingness to participate in vaccination was mediated by fear of rabies, high medical treatment costs and the threat of dog culling, as well as broader notions of social responsibility. However, differences between town, rural and (agro-) pastoralist populations in livelihood patterns and dog ownership impacted coverage in ways that were not well incorporated into project planning. Coverage in six selected villages was estimated at 25%, well below official estimates. A variety of problems with campaign mobilisation, timing, the location of central points, equipment and staff, and project organisation created barriers to community compliance. Resource-limitations and institutional norms limited the ability for district staff to adapt implementation strategies. Conclusions and Significance: In the shadows of resource and institutional limitations in the veterinary sector in Africa, top-down interventions for neglected zoonotic diseases likes rabies need to more explicitly engage with project organisation, capacity and community participation. Greater attention to navigating local realities in planning and implementation is essential to ensuring that rabies, and other neglected diseases, are controlled sustainably.

Bariola, E., et al. (2015). "Demographic and psychosocial factors associated with psychological distress and resilience among transgender individuals." American journal of public health 105(10): 2108-2116.
	Objectives. We examined the independent demographic and psychosocial factors associated with psychological distress and resilience among transgender men and women. Methods. Our data came from an online survey involving a national Australian sample of 169 transgender men and women in 2011. Survey questions assessed demographics; sources of support; contact with lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender peers; and experiences of victimization. We assessed the outcomes with the Kessler Psychological Distress Scale and the Brief Resilience Scale. Results. In all, 46.0% of the sample reported high or very high levels of psychological distress. Multivariable regression analyses identified considerably different independent factors for psychological distress and resilience. Younger age, feeling unable to turn to family for support, and victimization experiences were associated with greater psychological distress, whereas higher income, identifying as heterosexual, and having frequent contact with lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender peers were associated with greater resilience. Conclusions. With different factors identified for psychological distress and resilience, these findings may help inform the development of tailored mental health interventions and resilience-building programs for this vulnerable population.

Barnes, T. N., et al. (2017). "A Quasi-Experimental Analysis of Schoolwide Violence Prevention Programs." Journal of School Violence 16(1): 49-67.
	Violence prevention programs are commonplace in today’s schools, though reviews of the literature reveal mixed empirical findings on their effectiveness. Often, these programs include a variety of components such as social skills training, student mentoring, and activities designed to build a sense of school community that have not been tested for individual effectiveness. To fill this gap, we wanted to determine the relationships between specific violence prevention program components and aggression and violence outcomes. Using the U.S. Department of Education’s School Survey on Crime and Safety, we estimated the effects of components of violence prevention programs through analyses with proportional odds logistic regression and Poisson regression models. We found significant relationships between three violence prevention program components (individual attention, mentoring, tutoring, and/or coaching; recreational, enrichment, or leisure activities; and involving students in resolving student conduct problems) and aggression and violence outcomes. [ABSTRACT FROM PUBLISHER]
Copyright of Journal of School Violence is the property of Taylor & Francis Ltd and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Barros, A. C. M. W. d., et al. (2016). "Family violence in a sample of children and adolescents with disabilities. / A violência familiar e a criança e o adolescente com deficiências." Cadernos de Saúde Pública 32(6): e00090415-e00090415.
	This study aimed to identify and analyze the prevalence of physical and psychological family violence in a sample of children and adolescents with different categories of disabilities in a hospital in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. This was a cross-sectional observational study based on application of the Parent-Child Conflict Tactics Scale in a sample of 270 parents or guardians. Prevalence was 83.7% for psychological aggression and 84.4% for physical maltreatment, while 96.5% of the children and adolescents with disabilities that suffered physical punishment were also victims of psychological aggression (p&lt;0.01) and 100% of those who suffered severe physical maltreatment also suffered psychological aggression (p=0.01). Children and adolescents with disabilities showed increased risk of suffering family violence compared to those without disabilities. In conclusion, there is a need for greater awareness-raising and training of health teams for detection and notification of child abuse, and efforts should be made to support these families.

Barslund, M., et al. (2019). "Inequality in active ageing: evidence from a new individual-level index for European countries." Ageing and Society 39(3): 541-567.
	In the context of emerging challenges and opportunities associated with population ageing, the study of inequality in active-ageing outcomes is critical to the design of appropriate and effective social policies. While there is much discussion about active ageing at the aggregate country level, little is known about inequality in active-ageing experiences within countries. Based on the existing literature on active ageing, this paper proposes an individual-level composite active ageing index based on Survey of Health, Ageing and Retirement in Europe (SHARE) data. The individual-level nature of the index allows us to analyse inequality in experiences of active ageing within selected European countries. One important motivation behind measuring active ageing at the individual level is that it allows for a better understanding of unequal experiences of ageing, which may otherwise be masked in aggregate-level measures of active ageing. Results show large differences in the distribution of individual-level active ageing across the 13 European countries covered and across age groups. Furthermore, there is a positive association between the country-level active ageing index and the equality of its distribution within a country. Hence, countries with the lowest average active ageing index tend to have the most unequal distribution in active-ageing experiences. For nine European countries, where temporal data are also available, we find that inequality in active-ageing outcomes decreased in the period 2004 to 2013.

Barth, J., et al. (2013). "The current prevalence of child sexual abuse worldwide: a systematic review and meta-analysis." International Journal of Public Health 58(3): 469-483.
	Objectives: Systematic reviews on prevalence estimates of child sexual abuse (CSA) worldwide included studies with adult participants referring on a period of abuse of about 50 years. Therefore we aimed to describe the current prevalence of CSA, taking into account geographical region, type of abuse, level of country development and research methods. Methods: We included studies published between 2002 and 2009 that reported CSA in children below 18 years. We performed a random effects meta-analysis and analyzed moderator variables by meta-regression. Results: Fifty-five studies from 24 countries were included. According to four predefined types of sexual abuse, prevalence estimates ranged from 8 to 31% for girls and 3 to 17% for boys. Nine girls and 3 boys out of 100 are victims of forced intercourse. Heterogeneity between primary studies was high in all analyses. Conclusions: Our results based on most recent data confirm results from previous reviews with adults. Surveys in children offer most recent estimates of CSA. Reducing heterogeneity between studies might be possible by standardized measures to make data more meaningful in international comparisons.

Basile, K. C., et al. (2018). "Rape-related pregnancy and association with reproductive coercion in the U.S." American Journal of Preventive Medicine 55(6): 770-776.
	Introduction: Rape-related pregnancy is a public health problem where sexual violence and reproductive health intersect; yet, there is a dearth of research to inform public health practice. The authors examined the prevalence and characteristics of rape-related pregnancy in U.S. women and its association with intimate partner reproductive coercion. Methods: Data years 2010-2012 are pooled from the National Intimate Partner and Sexual Violence Survey, a telephone survey of U.S. adults. Accounting for complex survey design, in 2017, authors estimated the prevalence of vaginal rape-related pregnancy for U.S. women overall and by race/ethnicity. The authors also examined the proportion of rape-related pregnancy among victims of vaginal rape overall, by perpetrator type and by presence of reproductive coercion in the context of intimate partner rape. Results: Almost 2.9 million U.S. women (2.4%) experienced rape-related pregnancy during their lifetime. Among rape victims, 77.3% reported a current/former intimate partner perpetrator, and 26.2% of intimate partner rape victims reported rape-related pregnancy compared with those raped by an acquaintance (5.2%) or stranger (6.9%). Women raped by an intimate partner and reporting rape-related pregnancy were significantly more likely to have experienced reproductive coercion compared with women who were raped by an intimate partner but did not become pregnant. Conclusions: This paper reports the first national prevalence of rape-related pregnancy by any perpetrator in two decades. The high proportion of rape-related pregnancy committed by intimate partner perpetrators and its association with reproductive coercion suggest the need for primary prevention of intimate partner violence and access to trauma-informed reproductive health services for rape/intimate partner violence victims.

Batan, I. W., et al. (2014). "Economic losses of rabies in Bali. / Kerugian ekonomi akibat penyakit rabies di provinsi Bali." Jurnal Veteriner 15(4): 515-522.
	The purpose of this study was to analyze the economic losses due to rabies outbreak on human and dogin the province of Bali in 2008-2011. The data used in this research were obtained from the Department of Health, Department of Animal Husbandry and Animal Health in district level, and the province of Bali, Disease of Investigation Centre of Denpasar, mass media (BaliPost), as well as interviews with the alleged victims of dog bite rabies. The data were analyzed using economic models. The results showed that the total economic loss (TK) due to an outbreak of rabies in Bali in 2008-2011 amounted to Rp336,509,892,200. Economic losses due to rabies in Bali province were mainly from public health costs(KM) and the cost of vaccination and elimination (BVE) dogs. Public health costs(KM) spent the greatest loss of money in 2010. However, cost of dog vaccination and culling were spent at highest in 2011. Total of economic losses (the highest losses) (TK) of the disease in the province of Bali occurred in 2011, while the lowest in 2008. Public awareness fortied and cage pet is urgently needed to reduce the number of rabies cases. Decrease number of dog bites may result in reducing the related economic losses.

Baumer, E. P. and J. L. Lauritsen (2010). "REPORTING CRIME TO THE POLICE, 1973-2005: A MULTIVARIATE ANALYSIS OF LONG-TERM TRENDS IN THE NATIONAL CRIME SURVEY (NCS) AND NATIONAL CRIME VICTIMIZATION SURVEY (NCVS)." Criminology 48(1): 131-185.
	Although many efforts have been made during the past several decades to increase the reporting of crime to the police, we know little about the nature of long-term crime-reporting trends. Most research in this area has been limited to specific crime types (e.g., sexual assault), or it has not taken into account possible changes in the characteristics of incidents associated with police notification. In this article, we advance knowledge about long-term trends in the reporting of crime to the police by using data from the National Crime Survey (NCS) and the National Crime Victimization Survey (NCVS) and methods that take into account possible changes in the factors that affect reporting at the individual and incident level as well as changes in survey methodology. Using data from 1973 to 2005, our findings show that significant increases have occurred in the likelihood of police notification for sexual assault crimes as well as for other forms of assault and that these increases were observed for violence against women and violence against men, stranger and nonstranger violence, as well as crimes experienced by members of different racial and ethnic groups. The reporting of property victimization (i.e., motor vehicle theft, burglary, and larceny) also increased across time. Overall, observed increases in crime reporting account for about half of the divergence between the NCVS and the Uniform Crime Reporting Program (UCR) in the estimated magnitude of the 1990s crime decline-a result that highlights the need to corroborate findings about crime trends from multiple data sources. Adapted from the source document.

Baumer, E. P. and J. L. Lauritsen (2010). "REPORTING CRIME TO THE POLICE, 1973–2005: A MULTIVARIATE ANALYSIS OF LONG-TERM TRENDS IN THE NATIONAL CRIME SURVEY (NCS) AND NATIONAL CRIME VICTIMIZATION SURVEY (NCVS)." Criminology 48(1): 131-185.
	Although many efforts have been made during the past several decades to increase the reporting of crime to the police, we know little about the nature of long-term crime-reporting trends. Most research in this area has been limited to specific crime types (e.g., sexual assault), or it has not taken into account possible changes in the characteristics of incidents associated with police notification. In this article, we advance knowledge about long-term trends in the reporting of crime to the police by using data from the National Crime Survey (NCS) and the National Crime Victimization Survey (NCVS) and methods that take into account possible changes in the factors that affect reporting at the individual and incident level as well as changes in survey methodology. Using data from 1973 to 2005, our findings show that significant increases have occurred in the likelihood of police notification for sexual assault crimes as well as for other forms of assault and that these increases were observed for violence against women and violence against men, stranger and nonstranger violence, as well as crimes experienced by members of different racial and ethnic groups. The reporting of property victimization (i.e., motor vehicle theft, burglary, and larceny) also increased across time. Overall, observed increases in crime reporting account for about half of the divergence between the NCVS and the Uniform Crime Reporting Program (UCR) in the estimated magnitude of the 1990s crime decline—a result that highlights the need to corroborate findings about crime trends from multiple data sources. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Criminology is the property of Wiley-Blackwell and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Baur, N. and L. Hering (2017). "Die Kombination von ethnografischer Beobachtung und standardisierter Befragung." Kölner Zeitschrift für Soziologie und Sozialpsychologie 69(Supplement 2): 387-414.
	In der Mixed-Methods-Forschung wird meist die Kombination qualitativer und quantitativer Daten desselben Datentyps (in der Regel von Befragungsdaten) behandelt. Mixed-Methods-Studien werden ungleich komplexer, wenn neben offenen und standardisierten Elementen gleichzeitig auch verschiedene Datensorten (etwa ethnografische Beobachtungen und standardisierte Befragungen) kombiniert werden. Der Beitrag illustriert anhand von zwei Beispielstudien zu raumsoziologischen Fragestellungen, dass der spezifische Mehrwert solcher Methodenkombinationen darin liegt, dass sie komplementäre Informationen liefern können. Der Beitrag diskutiert, wie eine Reihe von Problemen, die bei Mixed-Methods-Studien mit gemischten Daten auftreten, gelöst werden können. Insbesondere hängt es von der Forschungsfrage und der verwendeten Sozialtheorie ab, welches konkrete Mixed-Methods-Design am besten geeignet ist. Außerdem muss entschieden werden, welche Teilstudie Kernkomponente und welche die ergänzende Komponente ist.Alternate abstract:Mixed methods researchers usually discuss how to combine qualitative and quantitative data of the same data type (typically interviews). However, mixed methods research becomes vastly more complicated, when not only standardized data are combined with more open-ended data but simultaneously different data types are mixed (e. g. ethnographical data with survey data). Using two examples from spatial sociology, this paper illustrates that the specific benefit of such combinations is that ethnography and surveys provide complementary information. The paper also discusses how to solve some problems typically arising in mixed methods studies with mixed data types. In particular, which mixed methods design is most suitable, strongly depends on the specific research question and the social theory used. Regardless, researchers have to decide which strand of the mixed methods study is core component and which is supplemental component.

Bazazi, A. R., et al. (2015). "High prevalence of non-fatal overdose among people who inject drugs in Malaysia: correlates of overdose and implications for overdose prevention from a cross-sectional study." International Journal of Drug Policy 26(7): 675-681.
	Background: Overdose is the leading cause of death among opioid users, but no data are available on overdose among people who inject drugs in Malaysia. We present the first estimates of the prevalence and correlates of recent non-fatal overdose among people who inject drugs in Malaysia. Methods: In 2010, 460 people who inject drugs were recruited using respondent-driven sampling (RDS) in Klang Valley to assess health outcomes associated with injection drug use. Self-reported history of non-fatal overdose in the previous 6 months was the primary outcome. Sociodemographic, behavioral and structural correlates of non-fatal overdose were assessed using multivariable logistic regression. Results: All 460 participants used opioids and nearly all (99.1%) met criteria for opioid dependence. Most injected daily (91.3%) and were male (96.3%) and ethnically Malay (90.4%). Overall, 20% of participants had overdosed in the prior 6 months, and 43.3% had ever overdosed. The RDS-adjusted estimate of the 6-month period prevalence of overdose was 12.3% (95% confidence interval [CI] 7.9-16.6%). Having injected for more years was associated with lower odds of overdose (adjusted odds ratio [AOR] 0.6 per 5 years of injection, CI: 0.5-0.7). Rushing an injection from fear of the police nearly doubled the odds of overdose (AOR 1.9, CI: 1.9-3.6). Alcohol use was associated with recent non-fatal overdose (AOR 2.1, CI: 1.1-4.2), as was methamphetamine use (AOR 2.3, CI: 1.3-4.6). When adjusting for past-month drug use, intermittent but not daily methadone use was associated with overdose (AOR 2.8, CI: 1.5-5.9). Conclusion: This study reveals a large, previously undocumented burden of non-fatal overdose among people who inject drugs in Malaysia and highlights the need for interventions that might reduce the risk of overdose, such as continuous opioid substitution therapy, provision of naloxone to prevent fatal overdose, treatment of polysubstance use, and working with police to improve the risk environment.

Been, F., et al. (2016). "Assessing geographical differences in illicit drug consumption-a comparison of results from epidemiological and wastewater data in Germany and Switzerland." Drug and Alcohol Dependence 161: 189-199.
	Background: Wastewater analysis is an innovative approach that allows monitoring illicit drug use at the community level. This study focused on investigating geographical differences in drug consumption by comparing epidemiological, crime and wastewater data. Methods: Wastewater samples were collected in 19 cities across Germany and Switzerland during one week, covering a population of approximately 8.1 million people. Self-report data and consumption offences for the investigated areas were used for comparison and to investigate differences between the indicators. Results: Good agreement between data sources was observed for cannabis and amphetamine-type stimulants, whereas substantial discrepancies were observed for cocaine. In Germany, an important distinction could be made between Berlin, Dortmund and Munich, where cocaine and particularly amphetamine were more prevalent, and Dresden, where methamphetamine consumption was clearly predominant. Cocaine consumption was relatively homogenous in the larger urban areas of Switzerland, although prevalence and offences data suggested a more heterogeneous picture. Conversely, marked regional differences in amphetamine and methamphetamine consumption could be highlighted. Conclusions: Combining the available data allowed for a better understanding of the geographical differences regarding prevalence, typology and amounts of substances consumed. For cannabis and amphetamine-type stimulants, the complementarity of survey, police and wastewater data could be highlighted, although notable differences could be identified when considering more stigmatised drugs (i.e. cocaine and heroin). Understanding illicit drug consumption at the national scale remains a difficult task, yet this research illustrates the added value of combining complementary data sources to obtain a more comprehensive and accurate picture of the situation.

Beier, H. (2016). "Wie wirken "Subkulturen der Gewalt"? Das Zusammenspiel von Internalisierung und Verbreitung gewaltlegitimierender Normen in der Erklärung von Jugendgewalt / How do “Subcultures of Violence” lead&#xa0;to violence? The interplay of internalization and prevalence of norms legitimizing violence in the explanation of youth violence." Kölner Zeitschrift für Soziologie und Sozialpsychologie 68(3): 457-485.
	Sowohl die Internalisierung als auch die soziale Verbreitung gewaltlegitimierender Normen sind empirisch mit Gewalthandeln verknüpft. Die genauen handlungstheoretischen Prozesse, über die gewaltlegitimierende Normen handlungsleitend werden, sind jedoch bislang nicht geklärt. Ausgehend von sozialpsychologischer, ethnologischer und soziologischer Forschung zu gewalttätigen Subkulturen werden zum einen die Befolgung internalisierter Normen und zum anderen Statusabwägungen als relevante handlungsleitende Prozesse identifiziert und mit Hilfe des Modells der Frame-Selektion in ein allgemeines handlungstheoretisches Modell integriert. Zum Test der abgeleiteten Hypothesen werden Daten zu Gewaltintentionen und Responsezeiten eines faktoriellen Surveys analysiert, die im Rahmen einer Schülerbefragung (N=2635) erhoben wurden. Die Ergebnisse von Multilevel-Modellen bestätigen das erwartete interaktive Zusammenspiel der individuellen Internalisierung gewaltlegitimierender Normen, der sozialen Verbreitung gewaltlegitimierender Normen sowie des Provokationsgrades einer Situation in der Erklärung selbstberichteter Gewaltintentionen und der Antwortgeschwindigkeit der Befragten. Alternate abstract:Both the internalization and the prevalence of violence-legitimizing norms are empirically related to acts of violence. The action-theoretic processes, though, that generate these relationships are not well understood. Based on subcultural approaches to violence formulated in social psychology, ethnology and sociology the current study identifies two action-theoretic processes that relate violence-legitimizing norms to acts of violence: conforming to internalized norms in applicable situations on the one hand; and status considerations on the other hand. The model of frame selection is applied to integrate these processes into a general theory of action. Hypotheses are tested using data from a school-based survey in Germany (N=2635). Multi-level regression models on measures of violent intentions in a factorial survey, as well as on response times to this factorial survey, are reported. The results confirm the expected interplay of internalization of violence-legitimizing norms, prevalence of these norms, and situational provocation in explaining violent intentions and the time respondents needed to answer the factorial survey.

Beilmann, M., et al. (2018). "The Relationship Between Social Capital and Individualism–Collectivism in Europe." Social Indicators Research 137(2): 641-664.
	The aim of the present study was to examine the relationship between social capital and individualism–collectivism in a sample of 50,417 individuals from 29 European countries using data from the European Social Survey Round 6 (2012). Social capital was measured in terms of generalized social trust and informal social networks; individualism–collectivism was operationalized via Schwartz’s Openness to Change–Conservation value dimension. Results from a hierarchical linear modeling analysis showed that less than 10% of variance in social capital indicators was found between countries, meaning that the level of social capital varies more substantively between individuals than between the countries. Openness to Change had a weak but statistically significant and positive relationship both with the indices of Generalized Social Trust and Informal Social Networks, which remained significant even when individual age, gender, education level, and domicile were controlled for. In sum, our findings show that the positive relationship between social capital and individualism that has been found at the cultural level also holds at the individual level: people who emphasize independent thought, action, and readiness to change are also more willing to believe that most people can be trusted and are more engaged in informal social networks. The relationship is, nevertheless, very weak and the strength of the association varies significantly across different European countries. This variation, however, cannot be explained by country differences in level of democracy or human development and the country’s wealth moderates only the individual level relationship between Openness to Change and Informal Social Networks. Our findings suggest that sources of social capital at the individual level can be found in people’s immediate social surroundings, as well as their everyday social interactions.

Bellamy, J. L. (2009). "A National Study of Male Involvement Among Families in Contact With the Child Welfare System." Child Maltreatment 14(3): 255-262.
	Few studies inform the frequency and type of adult male involvement in families in contact with child welfare, and even fewer explore how male involvement relates to child welfare outcomes. This study employed data from a sample of 3,978 families in contact with the U.S. child welfare system, drawn from the National Survey of Child and Adolescent Well-Being. The nature of male involvement in these families and its relationship to (a) caseworkers' perception of children's risk for maltreatment rereport and (b) entry into out-of-home care were explored. Results indicate that most caregivers report male involvement, distinct types of male involvement are related to the likelihood of out-of-home care, and households that include nonparental adult males are perceived by caseworkers as relatively risky. No male involvement indicator tested, however, was related to maltreatment rereport. Implications include the need to appropriately assess, include, and engage adult male family members across diverse family systems. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Child Maltreatment is the property of Sage Publications Inc. and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Bellizzi, S., et al. (2015). "Underuse of modern methods of contraception: underlying causes and consequent undesired pregnancies in 35 low- and middle-income countries." Human Reproduction 30(4): 973-986.
	STUDY QUESTION: What is the contribution of the underuse of modern methods (MM) of contraception to the annual undesired pregnancies in 35 low- and middle-income countries? SUMMARY ANSWER: Fifteen million out of 16.7 million undesired pregnancies occurring annually in 35 countries could have been prevented with the optimal use of MM of contraception. WHAT IS KNOWN ALREADY: Every year, 87 million women worldwide become pregnant unintentionally because of the underuse of MM of contraception. STUDY DESIGN, SIZE, DURATION: Demographic and health surveys (DHS) of 35 countries, conducted between 2005 and 2012, were analysed. PARTICIPANTS/MATERIALS, SETTING, METHODS: Contraceptive use of 12 874 unintentionally pregnant women was compared with 111 301 sexually active women who were neither pregnant nor desiring pregnancy. MAIN RESULTS AND THE ROLE OF CHANCE: An average of 96% of 15- to 49-year-old eligible women took part in the survey. When adjusted for covariates and compared with the use of MM of contraception, the use of traditional methods was associated with a 2.7 [95% confidence interval (CI): 2.3-3.4] times increase in odds of an undesired pregnancy, while non-use of any method was associated with a 14.3 (95% CI, 12.3-16.7) times increase. This corresponded to an estimated 16.7 million undesired pregnancies occurring annually in the 35 countries, of which 15.0 million could have been prevented with the optimal use of MM of contraception (13.5 million women did not use MM whilst 1.5 million women utilized MM incorrectly). Women with the lowest educational attainment and wealth quintile were 8.6 (95% CI: 8.2-9.1) and 2.6 (95% CI: 2.4-2.9) times less likely to use contraceptives compared with those with the highest level of each, respectively. Of the 14 893 women who neither desired pregnancy nor used contraception, 5559 (37.3%) cited fear of side effects and health concerns as the reason for non-use, 3331 (22.4%) cited they or their partner's opposition to contraception or religious prohibition and 2620 (17.6%) underestimated the risk of pregnancy. LIMITATIONS, REASONS FOR CAUTION: Despite the fact that DHS are considered high-quality studies, we should not underestimate the role played by recall bias for past pregnancies. Few women report a current pregnancy in the first trimester and undesired pregnancies at that time are probably prone to under-reporting. Some terminated pregnancies may not be included in the current pregnancy group. Furthermore, covariates measured at the time of the survey may not have reflected the same covariates at the time the currently pregnant women became pregnant. WIDER IMPLICATIONS OF THE FINDINGS: Underuse of MM of contraception burdens especially the poor and the less educated. National strategies should address unfounded health concerns, fear of side effects, opposition and underestimated risk of pregnancy, which are major contributors to undesired pregnancies. FUNDING/CONFLICT(S) OF INTEREST: No external funding was utilized for this report. There are no conflicts of interest to declare.

Benbouzid, B. (2010). "L'enquete de victimation americaine: De l'etude comprehensive a l'analyse des facteurs de risque (1965-1985). (With English summary.)." Revue Francaise de Socio-economie(1): 63-82.
	In this article, we make a return on the conditions of invention and institutionalization of the American Victimization Survey. We return to the work of actors who initiated this innovation, and the political and social context of their endeavour. This research identifies a functional change in the survey referring to the classic opposition between comprehensive research and applied research. Our goal is to analyze the format of American Victimization survey, in a diachronic perspective, from actors who define its uses. The U.S. survey of victimization, as originally designed, takes place in an ideal of control through adaptation. The aim is to understand social change by quantifying social trends and therefore adopt a futuristic view. We observe a critical moment in 1977 that appears like a gradual shift where we move from the need for an understanding-oriented survey to a survey, whose focal is reduced to the risk factors analysis. Finally, the analysis makes obvious how policy lodges itself in a "survey knowledge".

Bennetts, S. K., et al. (2018). "What influences parents' fear about children's independent mobility? Evidence from a state-wide survey of Australian parents." American Journal of Health Promotion 32(3): 667-676.
	Purpose: To identify factors associated with generalized and stranger-specific parental fear (PF) about children's independent mobility (CIM), a critical aspect of physical activity. Design: Cross-sectional survey; random sampling frame, minimum quotas of fathers, rural residents. Setting: State of Victoria, Australia. Subjects: Parents of children aged 9 to 15 years (n=1779), 71% response rate. Measures: Validated measures of PF and fear of strangers (FoS); parent, child, social, and environmental factors. Analysis: Unadjusted and adjusted linear regression stratified by child age (9-10; 11-13; 14-15). Results: Adjusted models explained a substantial proportion of variance across all age groups (PF: 33.6%-36.7%; FoS: 39.1%-44.0%). Perceived disapproval from others was consistently associated with both outcomes (PF: β=.11 to 23, p≤.05; FoS: β=.17-.21, p≤.001) as was parents' perception of children's competence to travel safely (PF: β=-.24 to -.11, p≤.05; FoS: β=-.16 to -.13, p≤.01). Factors associated with FoS included having a female child (β=-.21 to -.13, p≤.001), language other than English (β=.09 to .11, p≤.01), and low levels of parent education (β=-.14 to -08, p≤.05). Conclusion: The current study suggests that social norms, child competence, and perceptions about the benefits of CIM underpin PF. This evidence informs the development of interventions to reduce PF and promote CIM and children's physical activity.

Bentz, L., et al. (2019). "Health outcomes of the July 14, 2016 Nice terror attack among hospital-based professionals and students: the "ECHOS de Nice" health survey protocol." BMC public health 19(1163): (22 August 2019)-(2022 August 2019).
	Background: The terror attack of July 14, 2016, in Nice, France, resulted in 86 deaths, including children, and several hundred wounded, with a major psychological impact on the population. Hospital staff had to cope with exceptional circumstances which made them vulnerable to detrimental effects on their own health. This paper describes the method that was selected for the survey entitled "ECHOS de Nice 14 Juillet" which aimed to assess the impact of the attack on the psychological, psycho-traumatic and somatic health condition of the Nice University and Lenval hospital staff who were directly or indirectly exposed to the attack, and also to describe the support and care facilities they were offered. Method: ECHOS de Nice 14 juillet is an observational, cross-sectional, multicentre study focusing on all the hospital staff and students of both institutions, i.e. 10,100 persons in June 2017. A web-based questionnaire based on the model developed by Santé Publique France (IMPACTS and ESPA 13 novembre 2015) was adapted to the contexts of the healthcare professionals and students employed in these healthcare institutions in Nice and published on line from June 21 to October 30, 2017. The paper describes the tools that were used to meet the aims of the study, i.e. identification of exposure categories ('civilian' exposure for those present during the attack and/or 'professional' exposure); indicators of psychological impact (anxiety, depression, burnout, compassion fatigue, suicidal states, tobacco and alcohol use, self-medications), psycho-traumatic and somatic impact; professional and social impact. Lastly, awareness of availability and use of psychological support and care-follow-up facilities by professionals were investigated. Respondents could include extensive qualitative comments on the various themes explored in the questionnaire, with text analysis complementing that of quantitative data. Discussion: The benefits and limitations of the selected methodology are discussed, in view of contributing useful information to help anticipate and manage health issues among hospital staff who have been victims of traumatic events.

Beran, T. N. and J. Lupart (2009). "The Relationship Between School Achievement and Peer Harassment in Canadian Adolescents: The Importance of Mediating Factors." School Psychology International 30(1): 75-91.
	The relationship between school achievement and peer harassment was examined using individual and peer characteristics as mediating factors. The sample consisted of adolescents age 12-15 years (n = 4,111) drawn from the Canadian National Longitudinal Survey of Children and Youth, which is a stratified random sample of 22,831 households in Canada. When factors related to achievement and harassment were considered simultaneously, disruptive behaviour problems and peer interactions were found to mediate the link between achievement and harassment, χ2(32) = 300.00, p < 0.001. These results suggest that adolescents who are harassed by their peers are at risk of experiencing poor school achievement if they exhibit disruptive behaviour problems and poor peer interactions. Implications for school psychologists are presented. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of School Psychology International is the property of Sage Publications, Ltd. and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Berg, F. v. d., et al. (2015). "The relation between self-reported worry and annoyance from air and road traffic." International journal of environmental research and public health 12(3): 2486-2500.
	Negative perceptions such as fear or worry are known to be an important determinant of annoyance. Annoyance caused by noise and odour has been analysed in relation to worry about safety or health due to environmental hazards, using responses to a health survey. In the survey area high environmental impacts come from air and road traffic. The survey results show a correlation between worry due to the airport or passing aircraft and noise and odour annoyance from aircraft (correlation coefficient (c.c.) close to 0.6). For the relation between worry about a busy street and annoyance from road traffic the correlation is lower (c.c. 0.4-0.5). Worries about different situations, such as living below sea level, close to an airport, busy street or chemical industry, are highly correlated (c.c. 0.5-0.9), also for situations that are not obviously related. Personal factors can also lead to more worry: being female, above 35 years of age, having a high risk for anxiety/depression and being in bad health increase the odds for being worried. The results thus suggest that worry about safety or health is correlated to both personal and environmental factors.

Berg, K. L., et al. (2015). "Victimization and depression among youth with disabilities in the US child welfare system." Child: Care, Health and Development 41(6): 989-999.
	Aim: This study aimed to examine the prevalence of victimization among a United States-wide cohort of youth with disabilities (YWD) investigated for maltreatment in the child welfare system (CWS) and their correlation with mental health. Methods: Data were drawn from baseline interviews in the second National Survey of Child and Adolescent Well-Being, a national representative survey of youth involved in the CWS. Interviews took place between 2008 and 2009 and included 675 youth, 11-17 years old and residing with biological families across 83 counties nationwide. The sample consisted of 405 females (60.1%) and 270 males (39.9%), mean age=13.5 years. We identified YWD if they reported one or more physical or neurodevelopmental health condition (n=247). Reported victimization experiences and Children's Depression Inventory (CDI) scores were analysed using weighted regression analyses. Results: One-quarter of YWD in the CWS reported three or more victimizations during the prior year compared with 19% of youth without disabilities. The odds of YWD reporting a one-unit increase in level of victimization was 75% higher (P&lt;0.05) than youth without disabilities. Prevalence of clinical depression was significantly higher among YWD (14 vs. 5.5%; P&lt;0.05). Unlike youth without disabilities, the odds of clinical depression were 92% higher for every one-unit increase in victimization among YWD, controlling for covariates (P&lt;0.05). Of CWS-involved youth who reported three or more victimizations, 24.4% of YWD and 2.2% of non-disabled youth had CDI scores in the clinical range. Conclusion: YWDs in the US CWS are at high risk of experiencing victimization and clinical depression. Our findings suggest that health professionals need to screen CWS-involved YWD for multiple forms of victimization, and develop and implement trauma-informed services that target the mental health sequelae that may jeopardize their independence in adulthood.

Berg, M. T. and E. M. Rogers (2017). "The Mobilization of Criminal Law." Annual Review of Law & Social Science 13(1): 451-469.
	Perhaps few decisions have more of an impact on the operational functioning of the criminal justice system than the decision by victims of crime to notify the police. Researchers in the United States and abroad have found that victims often choose not to mobilize the criminal law in the aftermath of a victimization event. A large percentage of property and violent crimes never appear in official crime data estimates. Most remain hidden in the dark figure of crime. Victim nonreporting has numerous implications for criminal justice system processing, crime control policy, and substantive research on the causes and correlates of crime. Studies have long sought to identify the victim-, incident-, and community-based mechanisms that might account for patterns of police notification. Although several important findings have emerged, critical questions remain unanswered. This article provides a critical overview of the determinants of victim nonreporting and charts potential avenues for future research. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Annual Review of Law & Social Science is the property of Annual Reviews Inc. and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Berlan, E. D., et al. (2010). "Sexual orientation and bullying among adolescents in the growing up today study." Journal of Adolescent Health 46(4): 366-371.
	Purpose: To examine the relationship between sexual orientation and past-year reports of bullying victimization and perpetration in a large sample of American youth. Methods: Survey data from 7,559 adolescents aged 14-22 who responded to the 2001 wave questionnaire of the Growing Up Today Study were examined cross-sectionally. Multivariable generalized estimating equations regression was performed using the modified Poisson method. We examined associations between sexual orientation and past-year bully victimization and perpetration with heterosexuals as the referent group, stratifying by gender and controlling for age, race/ethnicity, and weight status. Results: Compared to heterosexual males, mostly heterosexual males (risk ratio [RR]: 1.45; 95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.13, 1.86) and gay males (RR 1.98; CI: 1.39, 2.82) were more likely to report being bullied. Similarly, mostly heterosexual females (RR: 1.72, 95% CI: 1.45, 2.03), bisexual females (RR: 1.63, 95% CI: 1.14, 2.31), and lesbians (RR: 3.36, 95% CI: 1.76, 6.41) were more likely to report being bullied than were heterosexual females. Gay males (RR: 0.34, 95% CI: 0.14, 0.84) were much less likely to report bullying others than were heterosexual males. Mostly heterosexual females (RR: 1.70, 95% CI: 1.42, 2.04) and bisexual females (RR: 2.41, 95% CI: 1.80, 3.24) were more likely to report bullying others than heterosexual females. No lesbian participants reported bullying others. Conclusions: There are significant differences in reports of bullying victimization and perpetration between heterosexual and sexual minority youth. Clinicians should inquire about sexual orientation and bullying, and coordinate care for youth who may need additional support.

Bertenshaw, C. and P. Rowlinson (2009). "Exploring stock managers' perceptions of the human-animal relationship on dairy farms and an association with milk production." Anthrozoös 22(1): 58-69.
	A human's attitude towards animals influences their behavior around animals, thus affecting the quality of the human-animal relationship (HAR). Many scientific studies have demonstrated that cattle's fear-response to humans affects their productivity, behavior, and welfare. In the scientific literature thus far it is believed that fear of humans is the predominant relationship on dairy farms. Via a postal questionnaire, we gathered subjective information from 516 stock managers on reported indicators of the HAR and their opinions of the HAR on UK dairy farms. We found that only 21% of farmers believed that dairy cattle were fearful of humans. Respondents accepted that humans can have an impact on cattle temperament, as 48% of respondents attributed a cow's docility to previous human contact and reasons given for poor milking temperament included previous negative experiences with humans (9%). Ninety percent of respondents thought cows had feelings, and 78% thought cows were intelligent. Higher heifer milk yields (≥200 liters) were found in herds where the stock manager thought it important to know every individual animal, although this was only a trend (p=0.14). On farms where cows were called by name, milk yield was 258 liters higher than on farms where this was not the case (p&lt;0.001). As a person's attitude is a good predictor of their behavior, these subjective reports suggest UK dairy farmers have a good quality of human-animal relationship with their animals. The pattern for improved milk yield and behavior based on increased human attention to the individual animal requires validation, but it is an encouraging finding based on reported opinions analyzed against objective production data in a survey of commercial farms.

Berzofsky, M. E., et al. (2019). "Methods for Improving Representativeness in a Web Survey on Sexual Assault Among College Students." Journal of interpersonal violence 34(23-24): 4838-4859.
	Many colleges and universities conduct web-based campus climate surveys to understand the prevalence and nature of sexual assault among their students. When designing and fielding a web survey to measure a sensitive topic like sexual assault, methodological decisions, including the length of the field period and the use or amount of an incentive, can affect the representativeness of the respondent sample leading to biased or imprecise estimates. This study uses data from the Campus Climate Survey Validation Study (CCSVS) to assess how the interaction between field period length and survey incentive amount affects nonresponse, sample representativeness, and the precision of survey estimates. Research suggests that using robust incentives gives potential survey respondents a reason to complete the survey beyond their intrinsic motivation to do so. Likewise, extending the field period gives more time to people who may be less intrinsically motivated to complete the survey. Both serve to increase sample size and representativeness, minimize bias, and improve estimate precision. Schools, however, sometimes lack the time and/or resources for both a robust incentive and a lengthy field period, and this study examines the extent to which the potential negative impacts of not using one can be mitigated by the presence of the other. Findings indicate that target response rates can be achieved using a smaller incentive if the field period is lengthy but, even with a lengthy field period, the use of a smaller incentive can result in biased estimates due to a lack of representativeness. Conversely, when a robust incentive is used and weights are developed to adjust for nonresponse, a shorter field period will not have a significant impact on point estimates, but the estimates will be less precise due to fewer respondents participating in the survey.

Berzofsky, M. E., et al. (2019). "Methods for Improving Representativeness in a Web Survey on Sexual Assault Among College Students." Journal of interpersonal violence 34(23/24): 4838-4859.
	Many colleges and universities conduct web-based campus climate surveys to understand the prevalence and nature of sexual assault among their students. When designing and fielding a web survey to measure a sensitive topic like sexual assault, methodological decisions, including the length of the field period and the use or amount of an incentive, can affect the representativeness of the respondent sample leading to biased or imprecise estimates. This study uses data from the Campus Climate Survey Validation Study (CCSVS) to assess how the interaction between field period length and survey incentive amount affects nonresponse, sample representativeness, and the precision of survey estimates. Research suggests that using robust incentives gives potential survey respondents a reason to complete the survey beyond their intrinsic motivation to do so. Likewise, extending the field period gives more time to people who may be less intrinsically motivated to complete the survey. Both serve to increase sample size and representativeness, minimize bias, and improve estimate precision. Schools, however, sometimes lack the time and/or resources for both a robust incentive and a lengthy field period, and this study examines the extent to which the potential negative impacts of not using one can be mitigated by the presence of the other. Findings indicate that target response rates can be achieved using a smaller incentive if the field period is lengthy but, even with a lengthy field period, the use of a smaller incentive can result in biased estimates due to a lack of representativeness. Conversely, when a robust incentive is used and weights are developed to adjust for nonresponse, a shorter field period will not have a significant impact on point estimates, but the estimates will be less precise due to fewer respondents participating in the survey. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Journal of Interpersonal Violence is the property of Sage Publications Inc. and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Beyer, K. M. M., et al. (2016). "Perceived neighborhood quality and cancer screening behavior: evidence from the Survey of the Health of Wisconsin." Journal of Community Health 41(1): 134-137.
	Socioeconomic disparities in colorectal and breast cancer screening persist, partially accounting for disparities in cancer outcomes. Some neighborhood characteristics - particularly area level socioeconomic factors - have been linked to cancer screening behavior, but few studies have examined the relationship between perceived neighborhood quality and screening behavior, which may provide more insight into the ways in which neighborhood environments shape cancer related behaviors. This study examines the relationship between several aspects of the perceived neighborhood environment and breast and colorectal cancer screening behavior among a population-based sample of Wisconsin residents. A sub-goal was to compare the relevance of different perceived neighborhood factors for different screening tests. This is a cross-sectional study of 2008-2012 data from the Survey of the Health of Wisconsin, a population-based annual survey of Wisconsin residents. An average risk sample of Black, Hispanic and White women age 50 and older (n=1265) were selected. Survey regression analyses examined predictors of screening, as well as adherence to screening guidelines. Models controlled for individual socio-demographic information and insurance status. Perceptions of social and physical disorder, including fear of crime and visible garbage, were associated with screening rates. Findings emphasize the particular importance of these factors for colorectal cancer screening, indicating the necessity of improving screening rates in areas characterized by social disorganization, crime, and physical disorder. Additional work should be done to further investigate the pathways that explain the linkage between neighborhood conditions, perceived neighborhood risks and cancer screening behavior.

Bhana, D. (2009). ""AIDS is rape!" gender and sexuality in children's responses to HIV and AIDS." Social Science & Medicine 69(4): 596-603.
	This paper examines young African school children's understanding of HIV and AIDS. Based on focus group interviews with children aged 7-8 in KwaZulu-Natal province, South Africa, it explores the ways in which gender and sexuality feature in their responses to the disease. Data were collected between 2003 and 2004 through 26 focus groups involving 55 boys and 64 girls. The paper argues that younger children are active agents in giving meaning to the disease. Their agency is negotiated within complex social processes involving sexual violence, highly unequal gender/age inequalities, but also sexual expression. Those expressions are subsumed however under a regime of violence and fear catapulting men, albeit with contestation, as chief vectors in the spread of the disease and a source of girls' anxieties. Children's responses to the disease are the effects of material, symbolic and discursive forces effectively constraining the opportunities available to them and creating patterns of vulnerability especially for young girls. Interventions aimed at scaling up efforts to address young children responses to the disease must be situated in parallel efforts to end poverty, sexual violence and pervasive gender inequalities in order to foster more comprehensively the exercise of young children's agency.

Bhatt, G. S., et al. (2015). "Immunization coverage in rural and urban field practice areas of a medical college of Gujarat." National Journal of Community Medicine 6(3): 398-404.
	Background: Immunization coverage indicates functionality of health program. Partial/non-immunization will have different reasons for so also for rural and urban areas. Objective of the study was conducted to find out proportions of fully/partially/not immunized children, identify/compare reasons for partial/non-immunization and suggest corrective measures. Methods: Based on sample size calculated as per District Level Household Survey 3, study included 1749 and 1102 children (2-35 months) in urban and rural areas respectively. House to House Monitoring Format for Routine Immunization (WHO) was used with suitable modifications and data was analysed using Microsoft excel. Results: Among 2851 children, vaccination card was available with 45.3% (urban) and 32.8% (rural). Proportions of fully immunized children (12-23 months) were 86.4% (urban) and 83.4% (rural) and those "not vaccinated at all" were 2.3% (urban) and 1.6% (rural). DPT/OPV booster coverage (24-35 months) were 87.5% (urban) and 74% (rural) were main hurdles in completing immunization. Reasons for missing doses were sickness of child, no felt need, fear of adverse effects following immunization (AEFI), unawareness about session site etc. Conclusions: Coverage was better than the national surveys still the causes for no/partial vaccinations need to be addressed through specific interventions to take the coverage to cent percent.

Bianchi, A., et al. (2017). "Web-Face-to-Face Mixed-Mode Design in a Longitudinal Survey: Effects on Participation Rates, Sample Composition, and Costs." Journal of Official Statistics 33(2): 385-408.
	Sequential mixed-mode designs are increasingly considered as an alternative to interviewer-administered data collection, allowing researchers to take advantage of the benefits of each mode. We assess the effects of the introduction of a sequential web-face-to-face mixed-mode design over three waves of a longitudinal survey in which members were previously interviewed face-to-face. Findings are reported from a large-scale randomised experiment carried out on the UK Household Longitudinal Study. No differences are found between the mixed-mode design and face-to-face design in terms of cumulative response rates and only minimal differences in terms of sample composition. On the other hand, potential cost savings are evident.

Bick, D., et al. (2017). "Maternity care for trafficked women: survivor experiences and clinicians' perspectives in the United Kingdom's National Health Service." PLoS ONE 12(11): e0187856-e0187856.
	Background: Although trafficked women and adolescents are at risk of unprotected or forced sex, there is little research on maternity care among trafficking survivors. We explored health care needs, service use and challenges among women who became pregnant while in the trafficking situation in the United Kingdom (UK) and clinicians' perspectives of maternity care for trafficked persons. Methods: Cross-sectional survey and qualitative interviews with trafficking survivors recruited from statutory and voluntary sector organisations in England and qualitative interviews with maternity clinicians and family doctors undertaken to offer further insight into experiences reported by these women. Findings: Twenty-eight (29%) of 98 women who took part in a large study of trafficking survivors reported one or more pregnancies while trafficked, whose data are reported here. Twelve (42.8%) of these women reported at least one termination of pregnancy while in the trafficking situation and 25 (89.3%) experienced some form of mental health disorder. Nineteen (67.9%) women experienced pre-trafficking physical abuse and 9 (32.%) sexual abuse. A quarter of women were trafficked for sexual exploitation, six for domestic servitude and two for manual labour. Survivors and clinicians described service challenges, including restrictions placed on women's movements by traffickers, poor knowledge on how to access maternity care, poor understanding of healthcare entitlements and concerns about confidentiality. Maternity care clinicians recognised potential indicators of trafficking, but considered training would help them identify and respond to victims. Main limitations include that findings reflect women who had exited the trafficking situation, however as some had only recently exited the trafficking situation, difficulties with recall were likely to be low. Conclusions: More than one in four women became pregnant while trafficked, indicating that maternity services offer an important contact point for identification and care. Given the prevalence of sexual exploitation and abuse among trafficking survivors, clinicians should ensure antenatal care and screening for sexually transmitted infections can be readily accessed by women. Clinicians require specialised training alongside designated pathways and protocols with clear referral options to ensure confidential maternity care tailored to each woman's needs.

Biener, L., et al. (2016). "Snus use and rejection in the USA." Tobacco Control 25(4): 386-392.
	Objective: To determine whether snus might become a strategy for reducing the harm associated with cigarette smoking in the USA as appears to be the case in Sweden, we examined receptivity to snus use in two cities with the greatest exposure to the major brands. Methods: A dual frame, telephone survey and a brief mail survey were conducted in 2011 and 2012 in Indianapolis, Indiana and Dallas/Fort Worth Texas. Over 5000 adults completed surveys. Trial, ever use, current use and reasons for using or quitting snus after trial were measured. Results: Among male smokers, 29.9% had ever tried snus (CI 22.7 to 38.1) and 4.2% were current users (CI 1.6 to 10.7). Among female smokers, 8.5% ever tried snus (CI 4.4 to 15.7) and current use was unknown. Current use was virtually absent among former smokers and never smokers. A major predictor of any level of snus use was current use of conventional smokeless tobacco. Those who tried and gave up snus cited curiosity (41.3%) and the fact that it was available at low or no cost (30%) as reasons for trial; reasons for not continuing included preferring another form of tobacco (75.1%) and disliking the mouth feel (34.6%). Almost all current snus users indicated that they were trying to cut down on cigarettes, but few (3.9%) were using it to quit smoking entirely. Conclusions: The low rate of adoption of snus suggests that neither the hopes nor the fears surrounding this new product are likely to be realised in the USA with the current marketing patterns.

Bintabara, D. and S. M. Kibusi (2018). "Intimate partner violence victimization increases the risk of under-five morbidity: a stratified multilevel analysis of pooled Tanzania Demographic Health Surveys, 2010-2016." PLoS ONE 13(8): e0201814-e0201814.
	Introduction: A hidden determinant such as intimate partner violence victimization has been associated with under-five morbidity and mortality. However, there is lack of information regarding which exactly age group of under-five is more vulnerable to morbidity when their mothers exposed to intimate partner violence victimization. This study aimed to determine the effect of mothers' exposure to intimate partner violence victimization on age groups specific under-five morbidity that could lead to mortality. Material and methods: The current study pooled and analyzed data from 2010 and 2016 Tanzania Demographic Health Survey datasets. We used a stratified multilevel modeling to assess the association between under-five morbidity and intimate partner violence victimization according to age groups. The Statistical approach using Stata 14 was used to adjust for clustering effect and weighted the estimates to correct for non-responses and disproportionate sampling employed during designing of the surveys. Results: A total of 13,639 singleton live-births babies within three years prior to interview dates from the ever-married women were included in the analysis. We found a significant reduction of the three main symptoms of under-five morbidity namely; a cough with difficult or fast breathing from 21.7 to 15.7%, fever from 22.5 to 18.3%, and diarrhoea from 15.5 to 12.7% for the survey years from 2010 to 2016 respectively (P&lt;0.05). Overall, about 40% of mothers reported experiencing any forms of intimate partner violence victimization. After adjusting for individual and cluster variables, we found that under-five in post-neonatal period (Adjusted odds ratios=1.50; 95%CI, 1.21-1.86) and childhood period (Adjusted odds ratios=1.40; 95%CI, 1.24-1.57) were significantly affected with morbidity when their mothers' exposed to any form of intimate partner violence victimization. Conclusion: This analysis revealed that intimate partner violence victimization is still a major and public health problem in Tanzania that threatens child health during the period of post-neonatal and childhood. There is a need to introduce screening for intimate partner violence victimization in maternal and child care for effective monitoring and prevention of the problem.

Biswas, A., et al. (2017). "An evaluation of Emergency Management of Severe Burn (EMSB) course in Bangladesh: a strategic direction." Burns & Trauma 5(12): (25 A-(25 A.
	Background: Burn is one of the major public health problems in Bangladesh. Specialized personnel and technologies are required, however, in many cases they are not readily available. Taking the situation into account, Interplast Australia and New Zealand, Australia & New Zealand Burn Association (ANZBA), and Centre for Injury Prevention and Research, Bangladesh (CIPRB) initiated Emergency Management of Severe Burn (EMSB) training programme for Bangladeshi physicians in 2008 to help improving their burn management skill. The study was designed to evaluate the effect of EMSB programme in Bangladesh. Methods: Both qualitative and quantitative methods were adopted. A cross-sectional survey was conducted to obtain quantitative information from 38 randomly selected EMSB-trained doctors among 380 trained physicians based on a five year database of EMSB (2008-2012). In-depth interviews (IDIs) and focus group discussion (FGD) were used as data collection techniques to get information. Results: A total of 32 participants completed the interview. It was found that 87.5% (n=28) doctors were using their skill in burn management that they learnt from the EMSB course. About 43.8% (n=14) doctors felt that the course largely helped improve their confidence. Majority (56.2%, n=18) of doctors stated EMSB is essential for the Bangladeshi doctors to learn better management of burns. Qualitative findings show that the courses were organized successfully with an excellent coordination, maintaining same quality and standard as running anywhere in the world. For its effectiveness, the course has been recommended to train graduate nurses and junior doctors from the periphery of the country. Conclusions: EMSB has already created a large doctor community who are able to effectively manage burn patients. It also has proven its indispensability for learning burn management skill. The EMSB established a platform to serve the burn victims and reduce the burden of injuries in Bangladesh.

Bitzer, E. M., et al. (2014). "Hygiene literacy and anxiety regarding nosocomial infections: results of a pilot survey and validation of a questionnaire. / Hygienewissen und Ängste bezüglich nosokomialer Infektionen: Ergebnisse einer Pilot-Befragung und Validierung eines Erhebungsfragebogens." Hygiene & Medizin 39(9): 336-339.
	Background: Nosocomial infections are an important public health issue in German hospitals. However, we know little about the knowledge and perception regarding this topic among the public. Method: We developed and validated a questionnaire to explore knowledge among the German public. We posted the questionnaire on the homepages of nine large health insurance companies and six websites of health organizations in March 2013. Results: 584 people participated in the survey. We drew a random sample for validation and a random sample as a testing sample. In the testing sample (n=301, mean age: 39.0 years, 66% women, 54% high school diploma, 61% experienced a hospital as patients) participants answered 68% of the 43 knowledge items correctly. Knowledge gaps exist regarding transmission routes, risk factors, symptoms of, and protective measures on nosocomial infections. About one third (36%) indicated fear to become infected in the hospital and 46% were anxious to transmit a nosocomial infection to a relative. Television was the predominantly used media for information (76%). Discussion: We noticed a discrepancy between factual knowledge about nosocomial infections and associated anxiety, so a goal directed, motivational and understandable information concept and special education for medical personnel in how to communicate in this fashion might be helpful. With our questionnaire, we provide a validated tool to assess the effectiveness of such an intervention.

Bjørknes, R., et al. (2019). "Why are they reluctant to report? A study of the barriers to reporting to child welfare services among public dental healthcare personnel." Health and Social Care in the Community 27(4): 871-879.
	This study is a national cross-sectional survey, conducted in November 2014, of 366 dental hygienists and dentists who had suspected maltreatment but did not report it to Norwegian Child Welfare Services (CWS). The aims of the present paper are to identify the reasons why public dental healthcare professionals are reluctant to report suspected child maltreatment to CWS and to determine whether there are differences in the identified barriers according to socio-demographic variables. The questionnaire was based on earlier studies and was adapted to fit the Norwegian context. The most frequently chosen reason for not reporting was "unsure of own assessment" (90.4%). Thirteen items pertaining to not reporting were factorised into three factors of barriers. These factors were "insufficient knowledge of child maltreatment and reporting", "fear of the consequences for oneself and the dental clinic", and "fear of the consequences for the patient and their family". A t test revealed that public dental healthcare personnel who had not received training on maltreatment and reporting to CWS during their professional education scored significantly higher on the barrier "insufficient knowledge of child maltreatment and reporting" than did dental personnel who had received such training. Furthermore, dental personnel with more years of experience (11+) scored higher on this barrier than did dental personnel with less experience. No other significant differences in barriers were observed. Public dental healthcare personnel have a mandatory obligation to report to CWS if they suspect child maltreatment. Despite this obligation, the present study reveals that several barriers to reporting exist. This study underscores the importance of strengthening knowledge among dental hygienists and dentists about when and how to report, both during education and in clinical practice.

Blashill, A. J., et al. (2015). "Sexual risk behaviors and steroid use among sexual minority adolescent boys." Drug and Alcohol Dependence 154: 287-290.
	Background: Previous research has extensively examined the relationship between the use of alcohol and illicit substances with sexual risk behaviors among sexual minority (i.e., gay and bisexual) male youth; however, no known studies have assessed the association of steroid use to risk behaviors among this population. Methods: Participants were 556 sexually active sexual minority adolescent boys (M age=16.2, SD=1.3), taken from a pooled dataset of the 14 jurisdictions from the 2005 and 2007 Youth Risk Behavior Surveys that assessed sexual orientation. The association between lifetime use of steroids and sexual risk behaviors were examined. Results: Controlling for number of sexual partners, depression, victimization, and race, boys who reported increased steroid use were at increased odds of engaging in condomless sex, OR=1.55, p=.003, and use of alcohol/drugs during sex, OR=1.48, p=.002. Conclusions: Steroid use among sexual minority adolescent boys is prevalent and associated with HIV/STI sexual transmission risk behaviors.

Blattman, C., et al. (2016). "Measuring the Measurement Error: A Method to Qualitatively Validate Survey Data." Journal of Development Economics 120: 99-112.
	Empirical social science relies heavily on self-reported data, but subjects may misreport behaviors, especially sensitive ones such as crime or drug abuse. If a treatment influences survey misreporting, it biases causal estimates. We develop a validation technique that uses intensive qualitative work to assess survey misreporting and pilot it in a field experiment where subjects were assigned to receive cash, therapy, both, or neither. According to survey responses, both treatments reduced crime and other sensitive behaviors. Local researchers spent several days with a random subsample of subjects after surveys, building trust and obtaining verbal confirmation of four sensitive behaviors and two expenditures. In this instance, validation showed survey underreporting of most sensitive behaviors was low and uncorrelated with treatment, while expenditures were under reported in the survey across all arms, but especially in the control group. We use these data to develop measurement error bounds on treatment effects estimated from surveys.

Blessmann, J., et al. (2018). "Incidence of snakebites in 3 different geographic regions in Thua Thien Hue province, central Vietnam: green pit vipers and cobras cause the majority of bites." Toxicon 156: 61-65.
	Background: The annual incidence of snakebites in Vietnam is not known and only few publications about snakebite envenoming and medically relevant snakes can be found in English language literature. The present community-based surveys provide data on incidence of snakebites in three different geographic regions of Thua Thien Hue (TT Hue) province, central Vietnam and snake species responsible for bites in this region. Methodology/results: The cross-sectional community based surveys were conducted from March to July 2017. Multistage cluster sampling was applied and snakebite incidence was calculated at 58 snakebites per 100,000 person-years for the entire province, and 172, 69 and 10 snakebites per 100,000 person-years in the mountainous, coastal and urban region of TT Hue province, respectively. Thirty-one snakebite victims interviewed during the surveys reported 18 (58%) green pit viper bites (Trimeresurus species), 5 (16%) cobra bites (Naja kaouthia, Naja siamensis), 2 (7%) krait bites (Bungarus candidus, Bungarus fasciatus), 2 (7%) red-necked keelback bites (Rhabdophis subminiatus) and 4 bites from unidentified snakes (13%). The outcome was favourable for 28 snakebite victims (90%), two (6%) had minor sequelae and one (3%) victim died after a Malayan krait bite. Two hundred and twenty-one snakebite patients were treated in 9 district hospitals and one central hospital in TT Hue between 2014 and 2016. Eighty green pit vipers (84%), 12 cobras (13%) and 3 kraits (3%) were responsible for bites in 95 patients where snake identification was documented. Conclusions: Incidence of snakebites is surprisingly low in TT Hue province in central Vietnam in comparison to other regions in Asia, particularly to neighbouring Lao PDR. However, snakebites are still a significant health problem in the mountainous region and green pit vipers and cobras cause the vast majority of bites.

Blosnich, J. R., et al. (2015). "Associations of sexual and gender minority status with health indicators, health risk factors, and social stressors in a national sample of young adults with military experience." Annals of Epidemiology 25(9): 661-667.
	Purpose: To assess the associations of self-identified lesbian, gay, bisexual, and questioning sexual orientation or transgender status (LGBTQ) and military experience with health indicators. Methods: We used data from the Fall 2012 National College Health Assessment. The survey included self-identified sociodemographic characteristics, mental (e.g., depression) and physical (e.g., human immunodeficiency virus) conditions, health risk behaviors (e.g., smoking), and social stressors (e.g., victimization). We used modified Poisson regression models, stratified by self-reported military service, to examine LGBTQ-related differences in health indicators, whereas adjusting for sociodemographic characteristics. Results: Of 27,176 in the sample, among the military-experienced group, LGBTQ individuals had increased adjusted risks of reporting a past-year suicide attempt (adjusted risk ratio [aRR]=4.37; 95% confidence interval [CI]=1.39-13.67), human immunodeficiency virus (aRR=9.90; 95% CI=1.04-79.67), and discrimination (aRR=4.67; 95% CI=2.05-10.66) than their non-LGBTQ peers. Among LGBTQ individuals, military experience was associated with a nearly four-fold increased risk of reporting a past-year suicide attempt (aRR=3.61; 95% CI=1.46-8.91) adjusting for age, sex, race and ethnicity, marital status, depression, and other psychiatric diagnoses. Conclusions: Military experience may moderate health indicators among LGBTQ populations, and likewise, LGBTQ status likely modifies health conditions among military-experienced populations. Results suggest that agencies serving military populations should assess how and if the health needs of LGBTQ individuals are met.

Bodkin, K., et al. (2015). "Reducing stigma in healthcare and law enforcement: a novel approach to service provision for street level sex workers." International Journal for Equity in Health 14(35): (9 A-(9 A.
	Introduction: Providing services for street level sex workers requires a multidisciplinary approach, addressing both health and safety concerns typical of their age and gender and those that arise specific to their line of work. Despite being a diverse population, studies have identified some specific health needs for sex workers including addictions treatment, mental health. Additionally, studies have shown a higher risk of physical and sexual assault for this population. The Persons at Risk program (PAR) in London, Ontario, Canada was started in 2005 to address the specific needs of street level sex workers by using a harm-reduction model for policing and healthcare provision. This qualitative study evaluated this model of care in terms of improving access to healthcare and essential police services for street level sex workers. Methods: A total of 14 semi-structured interviews were conducted with current and former female street level sex workers enrolled in the PAR program. In addition, 3 semi-structured interviews were conducted with health and law enforcement professionals. The research team then analyzed and coded the transcripts using qualitative description to identify key themes in the data. Results: Results indicated that participants represent a vulnerable population with increased safety concerns and healthcare needs relating to addictions, mental health and infectious disease. Despite this, participants reported avoiding healthcare workers and police officers in the past because of fear of stigma or repercussions. All participants identified the harm reduction approach of the PAR program as being essential to their continued engagement with the program. Other important aspects included flexible hours, the location of the clinic, streamlined access to mental health and addictions treatment and the female gender of the police and healthcare worker. Conclusions: The PAR program provides sex workers access to much needed primary healthcare that is flexible and without judgment. In addition, they are provided with a direct avenue to access law enforcement. We feel a similar model of care could be applicable to many cities across Canada.

Boduszek, D., et al. (2014). "Psychosocial correlates of recidivism in a sample of ex-prisoners: the role of oppositional defiant disorder and conduct disorder." Journal of Forensic Psychiatry & Psychology 25(1): 61-76.
	The present study aimed to (a) examine the role of Oppositional defiant disorder (ODD) and Conduct disorder (CD) in predicting recidivism, while controlling for childhood arrest, perceived neighbourhood crime frequency, alcohol consumption, age and gender, and (b) explore the relevance of these factors in predicting risk of recidivism for males and females separately. Participants were 669 ex-prisoners identified in the National Survey of American Life. Results revealed that gender, CD and average daily alcohol consumption predicted recidivism. When separate models were estimated for males and females, only average daily alcohol consumption was predictive of female recidivism. By comparison, recidivism was significantly predicted in males by CD in youth and childhood arrest. ODD was also negatively associated with recidivism in males. Consequently, targeting variables identified as significant predictors of recidivism for both males and females, or males, is unlikely to be an optimal way of reducing repeat offending. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Journal of Forensic Psychiatry & Psychology is the property of Routledge and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Boivin, R. and G. Cordeau (2017). "Do Web surveys facilitate reporting less favourable opinions about law enforcement?" Security Journal 30(2): 335-348.
	This article investigates possible sources of error in a public opinion survey conducted by a metropolitan police service. Logistic regression models are used to analyse the results of a mixed-mode survey in which respondents were questioned over the telephone or through a Web survey. Even after controlling for demographics, respondent lifestyle and criminal victimization, Web respondents were significantly more likely to (i) give lower scores on questions about satisfaction with the police and level of perceived police legitimacy, (ii) indicate unfavourable opinions about the police, (iii) confess worries or fear about their own security and (iv) select moderate response choices. Telephone surveys seem to overestimate favourable opinions about the police and underestimate public concerns about security. It is important to understand these effects because survey results are often used to support strategic decisions about public safety or to assess police performance. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Security Journal is the property of Palgrave Macmillan Ltd. and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Boldis, B. V., et al. (2018). "Unsafe and unequal: a decomposition analysis of income inequalities in fear of crime in northern Sweden." International Journal for Equity in Health 17(110): (1 August 2018)-(2011 August 2018).
	Background: Fear of crime is not solely an individual concern, but as a social determinant of health structured by gender it also poses a threat to public health. Social inequalities are thought to represent a breeding ground for fear of crime, which subsequently may contribute to social inequalities in health. However, little research has focused on social inequalities in fear of crime, particularly in Sweden where the level of fear of crime and income and gender inequalities are comparatively low. With a conceptual model as a point of departure, the present study aimed to estimate and decompose income-related inequalities and explore gender differences in fear of crime in northern Sweden. Methods: Participants (N=22,140; 10,220 men and 11,920 women aged 16 to 84 years) came from the Health on Equal Terms cross-sectional survey with linked register data, carried out in the four northernmost counties of Sweden in 2014. Disposable income was used as the socio-economic indicator, fear of crime as the binary outcome variable, and sociodemographic characteristics, residential context, socio-economic and material conditions and psychosocial conditions as explanatory factors. Concentration curve and concentration index were used to estimate the income inequality in fear of crime, and decomposition analysis to identify the key determinants of the inequalities, in collapsed and gender-stratified analyses. Results: Substantial gender differences were found in the prevalence of fear of crime (20.8% in women and 3.5% and men) and among the contributing factors to fear of crime. Additionally, the analyses revealed considerable income inequalities in fear of crime in the northern Swedish context (C=-0.219). Gender, socio-economic and material, and psychosocial conditions explained the most in income inequalities of fear of crime in the total population. Conclusions: The existing gender and socio-economic inequities need to be approached as a greater structural problem to mitigate inequalities in fear of crime. Further research is needed to reveal more aspects of income inequalities in fear of crime and to develop efforts to create safe environments for all.

Bonikowska, A., et al. (2014). "An Assessment of Life Satisfaction Responses on Recent Statistics Canada Surveys." Social Indicators Research 118(2): 617-643.
	Statistics Canada's General Social Survey (GSS) and Canadian Community Health Survey (CCHS) offer a valuable opportunity to examine the stability of life satisfaction responses and their correlates from year to year within a consistent analytical framework. Capitalizing on the strengths of these surveys, this paper addresses two questions. First, how much variability is observed from year to year and across surveys in the distribution of life satisfaction responses and what accounts for it? Second, how much variability is observed in the direction and magnitude of the correlation between life satisfaction and a consistent set of socioeconomic characteristics? The study shows that the mean level of life satisfaction reported varies from year to year in the GSS but remains stable in the CCHS. This pattern in variability is associated with survey content preceding the life satisfaction question. In contrast, the direction and magnitude of the relationships between life satisfaction and common socioeconomic characteristics is generally consistent between the two surveys and over time.

Bonomi, A. E., et al. (2014). "Fiction or not? Fifty shades is associated with health risks in adolescent and young adult females." Journal of Women's Health 23(9): 720-728.
	Background: No prior study has empirically characterized the association between health risks and reading popular fiction depicting violence against women. Fifty Shades - a blockbuster fiction series - depicts pervasive violence against women, perpetuating a broader social narrative that normalizes these types of risks and behaviors in women's lives. The present study characterized the association between health risks in women who read and did not read Fifty Shades; while our cross-sectional study design precluded causal determinations, an empirical representation of the health risks in women consuming the problematic messages in Fifty Shades is made. Methods: Females ages 18 to 24 (n=715), who were enrolled in a large Midwestern university, completed a cross-sectional online survey about their health behaviors and Fifty Shades' readership. The analysis included 655 females (219 who read at least the first Fifty Shades novel and 436 who did not read any part of Fifty Shades). Age- and race-adjusted multivariable models characterized Fifty Shades' readers and nonreaders on intimate partner violence victimization (experiencing physical, sexual and psychological abuse, including cyber-abuse, at some point during their lifetime); binge drinking (consuming five or more alcoholic beverages on six or more days in the last month); sexual practices (having five or more intercourse partners and/or one or more anal sex partner during their lifetime); and using diet aids or fasting for 24 or more hours at some point during their lifetime. Results: One-third of subjects read Fifty Shades (18.6%, or 122/655, read all three novels, and 14.8%, or 97/655, read at least the first novel but not all three). In age- and race-adjusted models, compared with nonreaders, females who read at least the first novel (but not all three) were more likely than nonreaders to have had, during their lifetime, a partner who shouted, yelled, or swore at them (relative risk [RR]=1.25) and who delivered unwanted calls/text messages (RR=1.34); they were also more likely to report fasting (RR=1.80) and using diet aids (RR=1.77) at some point during their lifetime. Compared with nonreaders, females who read all three novels were more likely to report binge drinking in the last month (RR=1.65) and to report using diet aids (RR=1.65) and having five or more intercourse partners during their lifetime (RR=1.63). Conclusions: Problematic depictions of violence against women in popular culture - such as in film, novels, music, or pornography - create a broader social narrative that normalizes these risks and behaviors in women's lives. Our study showed strong correlations between health risks in women's lives - including violence victimization - and consumption of Fifty Shades, a fiction series that portrays violence against women. While our cross-sectional study cannot determine temporality, the order of the relationship may be inconsequential; for example, if women experienced adverse health behaviors first (e.g., disordered eating), reading Fifty Shades might reaffirm those experiences and potentially aggravate related trauma. Likewise, if women read Fifty Shades before experiencing the health behaviors assessed in our study, it is possible that the book influenced the onset of these behaviors by creating an underlying context for the behaviors.

Bonvanie, I. J., et al. (2015). "Sexual abuse predicts functional somatic symptoms: An adolescent population study." Child Abuse & Neglect 46: 1-7.
	The main aim of this study was to investigate the effect of childhood sexual abuse on medically not well explained or functional somatic symptoms (FSSs) in adolescents. We hypothesized that sexual abuse predicts higher levels of FSSs and that anxiety and depression contribute to this relationship. In addition, we hypothesized that more severe abuse is associated with higher levels of FSSs and that sexual abuse is related to gastrointestinal FSSs in particular. This study was part of the Tracking Adolescents’ Individual Lives Survey (TRAILS): a general population cohort which started in 2001 ( N = 2,230; 50.8% girls, mean age 11.1 years). The current study uses data of 1,680 participants over four assessment waves (75% of baseline, mean duration of follow-up: 8 years). FSSs were measured by the Somatic Complaints subscale of the Youth Self-Report at all waves. Sexual abuse before the age of sixteen was assessed retrospectively with a questionnaire at T4. To test the hypotheses linear mixed models were used adjusted for age, sex, socioeconomic status, anxiety and depression. Sexual abuse predicted higher levels of FSSs after adjustment for age sex and socioeconomic status ( B = .06) and after additional adjustment for anxiety and depression ( B = .03). While sexual abuse involving physical contact significantly predicted the level of FSSs (assault; B = .08, rape; B = .05), non-contact sexual abuse was not significantly associated with FSSs ( B = .04). Sexual abuse was not a stronger predictor of gastrointestinal FSSs ( B = .06) than of all FSSs. Further research is needed to clarify possible mechanisms underlying relationship between sexual abuse and FSSs. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Child Abuse & Neglect is the property of Pergamon Press - An Imprint of Elsevier Science and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Boogar, I. R., et al. (2018). "The prediction of colorectal cancer screening based on the extended parallel process model: moderating the role of health literacy and cancer-related empowerment." International Journal of Cancer Management 11(6): e62539-e62539.
	Background: The aim of this study was the prediction of colorectal cancer screening based on the extended parallel processing model regarding the moderating role of cancer-related literacy and cancer-related empowerment. Methods: In a cross sectional survey, 366 participants among individuals who attended to the specialized internal clinics of Semnan, Iran were selected by convenience sampling. The participants completed the assessment of colon cancer literacy, health education impact questionnaire, colorectal cancer screening questionnaire, colorectal cancer screening decision quality instrument, and demographic checklist. Finally, the data were analyzed with descriptive statistics and structural equation modeling, using SPSS-20 and LISREL 8.8 software. Results: The final model was approved and the model had a good fitness of the data observed. Perceived susceptibility, perceived self-efficacy, and perceived response efficacy indirectly predicted defensive avoidance through cancer-related literacy (P&lt;0.05). Perceived severity and perceived response efficacy indirectly predicted defensive avoidance through fear of cancer (P&lt;0.05). Perceived susceptibility and perceived response efficacy indirectly predicted defensive avoidance through health-related empowerment (P&lt;0.05). In addition, the effect of perceived self-efficacy on the fear of cancer was non-significant (P &gt;0.05) and perceived severity had a direct effect on the defensive avoidance (P&lt;0.05). Conclusions: It is concluded that designing the tailored health-promoting programs is crucial to improve perceived self-efficacy, perceived response efficacy, cancer-related literacy, and health-related empowerment for engagement to the colorectal cancer screening. In addition, decreasing or controlling the fear of cancer, perceived susceptibility, and perceived severity, as leading causes of defensive avoidance in colorectal cancer screening, is important.

Borges, G., et al. (2019). "The relationship between social inequalities, substance use and violence in border and non-border cities of northern Mexico." Drug and Alcohol Dependence 200: 1-5.
	We know little about determinants of violence and drug use in Mexican northern cities, places considered to be at high risk for alcohol, drug use, and violence, including crimes and homicides. Methods: Data are from the US-Mexico Study on Alcohol and Related Conditions (2011-2013), a survey of respondents living in the border metropolitan areas of Nuevo Laredo (n=828) and Reynosa and Matamoros (n=821) and in the non-border metropolitan area of Monterrey (n=811). Associations between violence (interpersonal, direct community [such as physical attack] and indirect community violence [such as heard gunshots]), drug related activities and neighborhood insecurity with alcohol use disorders (AUD), drug misuse (illicit and out of prescription) and area-level disadvantage (ALD) were estimated with multilevel logistic models, controlling for covariates. Results: Substance use was generally related to violence regardless of ALD in these northern cities in Mexico (statistically significant odds ratios range: 0.68-4.24). AUD was associated with 3 forms of violence and also with drug-related activities, but not with neighborhood insecurity. Both illicit drug use and misuse prescription medicines seem to act in unison and were related only to indirect community violence and drug related activities. ALD in these cities was associated with physical violence and neighborhood insecurity. An inverse relationship between illicit drug use and neighborhood insecurity was an unexpected finding. Conclusions: AUD and drug use were associated with violence and drug involvement regardless of ALD. Neighborhood insecurity depended mainly on ALD and to an inverse relationship with illicit drug use that needs further study.

Bosick, S. J. and C. M. Rennison (2016). "The Influence of Adult Role Statuses on Violent Victimization Reporting." Violence & Victims 31(5): 957-984.
	Drawing on data from the National Crime Victimization Survey, this article extends on the contributions from developmental and life course criminologists by investigating the relationship between adult role status and police notification. Our findings point to the important gender differences. Age and reporting are curvilinearly related among female victims but linearly related among males. Having children (in the home) increases the odds of police reporting by female victims, whereas being married does so for male victims. Our findings push forward our understanding of gender and age disparities in selfreporting victimization and highlight the need to better understand how one's orientation to the criminal justice system changes as he or she transitions in (and out) of adult roles through the life course. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Violence & Victims is the property of Springer Publishing Company, Inc. and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Bott, S., et al. (2015). "Rewards and challenges of providing HIV testing and counselling services: health worker perspectives from Burkina Faso, Kenya and Uganda." Health Policy and Planning 30(8): 964-975.
	The rapid scale-up of human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) testing, counselling and treatment throughout sub-Saharan Africa has raised questions about how to protect patients' rights to consent, confidentiality, counselling and care in resource-constrained settings. The Multi-country African Testing and Counselling for HIV (MATCH) study investigated client and provider experiences with different modes of testing in sub-Saharan Africa. One component of that study was a survey of 275 HIV service providers in Burkina Faso, Kenya and Uganda that gathered quantifiable indicators and qualitative descriptions using a standardized instrument. This article presents provider perspectives on the challenges of obtaining consent, protecting confidentiality, providing counselling and helping clients manage disclosure. It also explores health workers' fear of infection within the workplace and their reports on discrimination against HIV clients within health facilities. HIV care providers in Burkina Faso, Kenya and Uganda experienced substantial rewards from their work, including satisfaction from saving lives and gaining professional skills. They also faced serious resource constraints, including staff shortages, high workloads, lack of supplies and inadequate infrastructure, and they expressed concerns about accidental exposure. Health workers described heavy emotional demands from observing clients suffer emotional, social and health consequences of being diagnosed with HIV, and also from difficult ethical dilemmas related to clients who do not disclose their HIV status to those around them, including partners. These findings suggest that providers of HIV testing and counselling need more resources and support, including better protections against HIV exposure in the workplace. The findings also suggest that health facilities could improve care by increasing attention to consent, privacy and confidentiality and that health policy makers and ethicists need to address some unresolved ethical dilemmas related to confidentiality and non-disclosure, and translate those discussions into better guidance for health workers.

Bouchard, M., et al. (2009). "Convenient labour: The prevalence and nature of youth involvement in the cannabis cultivation industry." International Journal of Drug Policy 20(6): 467-474.
	Abstract: Background: The emergence of cannabis cultivation in industrialised countries may offer adolescents, especially those living in regions suitable for outdoor cultivation, new opportunities to participate in the drug trade. The current study examines the prevalence and the nature of youth involvement in cannabis cultivation in an important agricultural region of Quebec, Canada. Methods: A self-report delinquency survey was administered to 1262 adolescents between 13 and 17 years who were attending one of four secondary schools in that region. The study location was not chosen arbitrarily. The region was known for having a larger than average outdoor cannabis industry, and various media reports suggested that a substantial number of students missed school days during the cannabis harvest season, in October. Results: A first set of findings show that 12% of respondents reported having participated in the cannabis cultivation industry in the past year. Such a prevalence rate is higher than for any other type of crime found in the survey (except for the general category of mischief)—including assault and theft, and is comparable to the prevalence rates found for drug dealing. Such a high prevalence rate comes in part out of need for labour in this low population density region: 35% of respondents who reported having participated in the industry in the past year, were “labourers”, while many others only participated in small sites, destined for personal use. Another set of findings suggest that growers are a very diverse group: although cultivation is the most prevalent money-generating crime for gang members in the region, girls and otherwise conventional adolescents are also involved in high numbers. Conclusion: These results emphasise the need to design policies that concern not just the prevention of drug use among youth, but also youth involvement in the supply of drugs. In addition, it underlines the difficulty of planning general interventions in what appears to be a very heterogeneous population of growers. [Copyright &y& Elsevier]
Copyright of International Journal of Drug Policy is the property of Elsevier B.V. and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Bouhours, B. and R. Broadhurst (2015). "Violence Against Women in Hong Kong." Violence against women 21(11): 1311-1329.
	In Hong Kong, nearly 1,300 women participated by telephone in the International Violence Against Women Survey in 2006. One in five respondents had experienced violence since age 16. Sexual violence (13.4%) was more frequent than physical violence (11.7%). Women were more likely to be abused by men they knew (13.5%) than by strangers (8%). Compared with other surveyed countries, Hong Kong recorded among the lowest rates of violence by both intimate partners and non-partners. These results suggest that cultural influences linked to the interaction of modernization and some protective factors found in the adherence to traditional Chinese values are relevant. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Violence Against Women is the property of Sage Publications Inc. and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Bouma, F. B., et al. (2012). "Meningitis, a disease of the "variations": preventive practices of the epidemics of meningitis in Kombissiri and Réo, Burkina Faso. / La méningite, une maladie des "variations": pratiques préventives et gestion des épidémies de méningite à Kombissiri et Réo Burkina Faso." VertigO - La Revue Electronique en Sciences de l'Environment 12(2): un-un.
	Meningitis is an epidemic whose management requires as well medical techniques as social behaviors'. Burkina Faso remains one of the countries of Africa more touched by meningitis. Between 1988 and 1997, WHO counts there more than 700,000 cases and 70,000 deaths, without counting the neurological victims of meningitis sequelae are difficult to evaluate. The objective of this work is to study the social representations of meningitis and the preventive practices which can contribute to increase the rates of morbidity and mortality. We conducted a socioanthropologic study in Kombissiri (moose's country) and Reo (lyele's country) in Burkina Faso. We make individual interviews with tradipraticians, traditional leaders, religious leaders, administrative authorities and health workers. Focus group was made with women, men, pupils and the young people. The results show that actors have knowledge of meningitis: symptomatic descriptions, period of appearance, transmission systems and meningitis sequelae (deafness, stammering, loss of memory, eye trouble). So formerly the stiffness of the neck and the appearance in period of strong hot made conspicuous meningitis, according to the popular designs, the etiologies and the diffuse symptomatic demonstrations of the preventive measures, popular perceptions (perceptions regarding meningitis in local populations) and diagnosis are complex.

Bowman, C. P. (2014). "Women's masturbation: experiences of sexual empowerment in a primarily sex-positive sample." Psychology of Women Quarterly 38(3): 363-378.
	With the present study, I explore the function, meaning, and empowerment potential of masturbation for 765 American women. The sample was somewhat diverse, but primarily young (79% under 30), White (75%), educated (85% with at least a bachelor's degree), and heterosexual (67%). Participants completed an online anonymous survey that included endorsement of various attitudes toward masturbation, reasons for masturbating, and emotions following masturbation. Two split-half exploratory factor analyses (followed by confirmatory factor analyses) indicated that women's reasons for masturbating clustered into five main reasons: (a) sexual pleasure, (b) to learn about or better understand their bodies, (c) as a release, (d) to substitute for partner sex, and (e) general sexual dissatisfaction. Women's feelings regarding their masturbation fell into three clusters: (a) shame, (b) sexual empowerment, and (c) fear that one is acting selfishly. Most women in my study did not feel ashamed about masturbating; instead, many women felt sexually empowered. A hierarchical multiple regression demonstrated that women were more likely to feel sexually empowered by the fact that they masturbate if they reported being more sexually efficacious, having higher genital self-image, and masturbating for sexual pleasure or to learn more about their bodies. Results lend support to the feminist theory that when women are able to focus on their own sexual pleasure or learning, without the concerns of pregnancy or pleasing a partner, they may feel sexually empowered.

Boyce, S. C., et al. (2018). "Childhood experiences of sexual violence, pregnancy, and marriage associated with child sex trafficking among female sex workers in two US-Mexico border cities." American journal of public health 108(8): 1049-1054.
	Objectives. To quantitatively assess the relationships of childhood experiences of marriage, pregnancy, and sexual violence with underage sex trafficking. Methods. Cross-sectional survey data from a population-based sample of 603 female sex workers from Tijuana and Ciudad Juárez, Mexico, were collected in 2013 and 2014, and we analyzed the data to evaluate relationships between pregnancy, marriage, and sexual violence when younger than 16 years, and child sex trafficking. Results. Adjusted odds of child sex trafficking among those who experienced pregnancy, marriage, and childhood sexual violence when younger than 16 years in combined models were 2.8 (95% confidence interval [CI]=1.8, 4.3), 1.7 (95% CI=0.99, 2.8), and 1.7 (95% CI=1.01, 3.0), respectively, relative to others (n=603). For 89.8%, 78.0%, and 97.0% of those who had an experience of pregnancy (n=69), marriage (n=50), or sexual violence (n=33) when younger than 16 years, respectively, the experience occurred before or the same year as sex trafficking. Conclusions. These results provide empirical evidence of modifiable risk factors for child sex trafficking that could be integrated into the prevention efforts and protocols of health clinics and governmental agencies in Mexico currently working to reduce underage pregnancy, marriage, and sexual violence.

Boyd, R. and J. A. Stevens (2009). "Falls and fear of falling: burden, beliefs and behaviours." Age and Ageing 38(4): 423-428.
	Objectives: This study estimated the frequency of recent falls and prevalence of fear of falling among adults aged 65 years and older. Design: A cross-sectional, list-assisted random digit dialing telephone survey of adults in the USA was conducted during July 2001-February 2003. Subjects: 1709 adults aged 65 years or older who spoke either English or Spanish. Methods: Prevalence estimates were calculated for recent falls, fall injuries, fear of falling and fall prevention beliefs and behaviours. Results: An estimated 3.5 million, or 9.6%, of older adults reported falling at least once in the past 3 months. About 36.2% of all older adults said that they were moderately or very afraid of falling. Few older adults who fell in the past 3 months reported making any changes to prevent future falls. Conclusions: The high prevalence of falls and fear of falling among US older adults is of concern. Both can result in adverse health outcomes including decreased quality of life, functional limitations, restricted activity and depression. Older adults' fear of falling and their reluctance to adopt behaviours that could prevent future falls should be considered when designing fall prevention programmes.

Boyle, M. H., et al. (2009). "Community influences on intimate partner violence in India: Women's education, attitudes towards mistreatment and standards of living." Social Science & Medicine 69(5): 691-697.
	Intimate partner violence (IPV) directed towards women is a serious public health problem. Women's education may offer protection against IPV, but uncertainty exists over how it might reduce risk for IPV at the community and individual levels. The objectives of this study are to: (1) disentangle community from individual-level influences of women's education on risk for IPV; (2) quantify the moderating influence of communities on individual-level associations between women's education and IPV; (3) determine if women's attitudes towards mistreatment and living standards at the community and individual levels account for the protective influence of women's education; and (4) determine if the protective influence of education against IPV is muted among women living in communities exhibiting attitudes more accepting of mistreatment. Study information came from 68,466 married female participants in the National Family Health Survey conducted throughout India in 1998-1999. Multilevel logistic regression was used to address the study objectives. IPV showed substantial clustering at both the state (10.2%) and community levels (11.5%). At the individual level, there was a strong non-linear association between women's education and IPV, partially accounted for by household living standards. The strength of association between women's education and IPV varied from one community to the next with evidence that the acceptance of mistreatment at the community level mutes the protective influence of higher education. Furthermore, women's attitudes towards mistreatment and their standards of living accounted for community-level associations between women's education and IPV. Place of residence accounted for substantial variation in risk of IPV and also modified individual-level associations between IPV and women's education. At the community level, women's education appeared to exert much of its protective influence by altering population attitudes towards the acceptability of mistreatment. However, there was no residual association between women's education and IPV at the community level once living standards are taken into account. While women's education provides strong, independent leverage for reducing the risk of IPV, planners must keep in mind important community factors that modify its protective influence. [Copyright Elsevier Ltd.]

Brabin, L., et al. (2010). "Survey of girls' recall of a film providing information on human papillomavirus and cervical cancer 6 months after an offer of vaccination." Vaccine 28(25): 4210-4214.
	Pre-adolescent girls who have been successfully immunised against human papillomavirus (HPV) may have relatively little knowledge about cervical cancer. A questionnaire was sent to 1084 girls approximately 6 months after they had been offered vaccination to assess whether an educational film had influenced their vaccine decision and what information they recalled. Girls who viewed the film were more likely to have wanted the vaccine than non-viewers (p=0.015), but only 42% of them could recall details of the film 6 months later. Fear of cervical cancer may motivate young adolescents for vaccination but false assumptions might undermine later preventive actions by both the vaccinated and unvaccinated groups.

Bradley, D. T., et al. (2015). "Reasons for non-participation in the Northern Ireland Bowel Cancer Screening Programme: a qualitative study." BMJ Open 5(9): e008266-e008266.
	Objectives: To identify the reasons why some people do not participate in bowel cancer screening so that steps can be taken to improve informed decision-making. Design: Qualitative study, using focus groups with thematic analysis of data to identify, analyse and report patterns. Transcripts were repeatedly read and inductively coded using a phenomenological perspective, and organised into key themes. Setting: Belfast and Armagh, two areas of Northern Ireland with relatively low uptake of bowel cancer screening. Participants: Ten women and 18 men in three single-gender focus groups (two male and one female), each with 9-10 participants. Study participants were recruited by convenience sampling from the general public and were eligible for, but had not taken part in, the Northern Ireland Bowel Cancer Screening Programme. Results: Key themes identified were fear of cancer; the test procedure; social norms; past experience of cancer and screening; lack of knowledge or understanding about bowel cancer screening; and resulting behaviour towards the test. Fear about receiving bad news and reluctance to conduct the test themselves were reactions that participants seemed willing to overcome after taking part in open discussion about the test. Conclusions: We identified barriers to participation in bowel cancer screening and used these insights to develop new materials to support delivery of the programme. Some of the issues raised have been identified in other UK settings, suggesting that knowledge about barriers, and strategies to improve uptake, may be generalisable.

Brandt, S. A., et al. (2014). "A survey of nonmedical use of tranquilizers, stimulants, and pain relievers among college students: patterns of use among users and factors related to abstinence in non-users." Drug and Alcohol Dependence 143: 272-276.
	Background: This study examined lifetime non-medical prescription drug use among college students at a small liberal arts college in the Northeast. We assessed the motives, frequency of use, sources, and perceived emotional/physical risks of nonmedical prescription drugs. Specifically, we examined the non-medical use of prescription pain relievers, stimulants, and anti-anxiety medication. Methods: We sent an internet-based survey to 1/3 of the student body and 303 students completed the survey. Results: We found that 36.8% of the sample reported using prescription drugs for non-medical purposes. First-year students were less likely to have used the drugs than those in other class years. Of those reporting use, 48% reported non-medical use of pain relievers, 72.8% reported using stimulants, and 39.8% reported using anti-anxiety medication. The most commonly used pain relievers were Vicodin (hydrocodone/acetaminophen), OxyContin (oxycodone), and codeine (acetaminophen/codeine). The most commonly used stimulants were Adderall (amphetamine/dextroamphetamine) and Ritalin (methylphenidate), while the most commonly used anti-anxiety medication was Xanax (alprazolam). When non-users were asked what factors influenced their choice not to abuse prescription drugs, 82% cited a lack of interest, 61% responded it was due to a fear of damaging their physical health, and 60.1% responded fear of damaging their mental health. Conclusion: This study supports recent findings that show widespread non-medical use of prescription drugs among college students. Our report brings a more detailed understanding of the patterns of drug usage, and the factors influencing both drug use in those who use them and abstinence in those who choose not to use them.

Breckenridge, J., et al. (2019). "Is gender important? Victimisation and perpetration of intimate partner violence in mainland China." Health and Social Care in the Community 27(1): 31-42.
	Establishing the prevalence of intimate partner violence (IPV) has been recommended by International Conventions and Declarations for some time beginning with the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women (CEDAW Articles 12 and 19) in 1979. One important recommendation of such international protocols is the implementation of national population prevalence surveys to establishing IPV as a serious social issue globally, which is intended to provide data for planning effective responses within signatory countries. However, not all countries have undertaken national prevalence surveys meaning that there are gaps in our understanding of who are the perpetrators and victims of IPV in different cultural contexts. This article presents the results of a scoping review of literature examining gender differences in prevalence rates of victimisation and perpetration of IPV in mainland China (hereon China). There has been little written about the prevalence of IPV in China generally, and this scoping process located only nine peer-reviewed articles written in both English- and Chinese-language journals focusing on both gender and IPV published between 1997 and 2016. Results of this scoping review demonstrate that while both women and men perpetrate IPV in China, the prevalence rates of different types of IPV reflect gender differences in both perpetration and victimisation, suggesting that IPV is not a unitary phenomenon. The paper concludes by discussing the implications of the findings including the importance of increasing awareness of IPV in China more generally and developing gender-specific interventions to directly address different types of IPV. Directions for future research are also canvassed.

Breiding, M. J. and B. S. Armour (2015). "The association between disability and intimate partner violence in the United States." Annals of Epidemiology 25(6): 455-457.
	Purpose: Prior research has shown that people with disabilities are at greater risk of intimate partner violence (IPV) victimization. This study seeks to examine the link between disability and IPV in a nationally representative sample of U.S. women and men. Also, by establishing that disability preceded recent IPV victimization, this study allows for a more thorough understanding of whether people with disabilities are at greater risk of victimization subsequent to having a disability. Methods: Data were analyzed from the 2010 National Intimate Partner and Sexual Violence Survey, an ongoing, national random digit dial telephone survey of U.S. adults. Estimates of age-adjusted 12-month IPV prevalence by disability status were calculated. Results: Compared to women without a disability, women with a disability were significantly more likely to report experiencing each form of IPV measured, which includes rape, sexual violence other than rape, physical violence, stalking, psychological aggression, and control of reproductive or sexual health. For men, significant associations were found with respect to stalking and psychological aggression by an intimate partner. Conclusions: The results suggest that people with a disability are at greater risk of victimization and that primary and secondary prevention efforts might be targeted to those with a disability.

Breiding, M. J., et al. (2017). "Economic insecurity and intimate partner and sexual violence victimization." American Journal of Preventive Medicine 53(4): 457-464.
	Introduction: Previous research has consistently found that low SES is associated with higher levels of both intimate partner violence (IPV) and sexual violence (SV) victimization. Though associated with poverty, two indicators of economic insecurity, food and housing insecurity, have been identified as conceptually distinct social determinants of health. This study examined the relationship between food and housing insecurity experienced in the preceding 12 months and IPV and SV victimization experienced in the preceding 12 months, after controlling for SES and other demographic variables. Methods: Data were from the 2010 National Intimate Partner and Sexual Violence Survey, a nationally representative telephone survey of U.S. adults. In 2016, multivariate logistic regression modeling was used to examine the association between food and housing insecurity and multiple forms of IPV and SV victimization. Results: Robust associations were found between food and housing insecurity experienced in the preceding 12 months and IPV and SV experienced in the preceding 12 months, for women and men, even after controlling for age, family income, race/ethnicity, education, and marital status. Conclusions: Food and housing insecurity may be important considerations for the prevention of SV and IPV or the reductions of their consequences, although future research is needed to disentangle the direction of the association. Strategies aimed at buffering economic insecurity may reduce vulnerability to IPV and SV victimization.

Bren, M. and D. Bagari (2013). "Mnenjska raziskava o zadovoljstvu občanov z delom policije, njeni uspešnosti, o zaupanju vanjo ter občutku varnosti na območju Policijske uprave Murska Sobota." A Public Survey Poll on Residents' Satisfaction with and Opinion of Policing and Police Performance and the Feeling of Safety in the Region of Murska Sobota Police Directorate. 15(1): 64-82.
	Purpose: The paper presents the results of the Pomurje region public opinion poll on the residents' satisfaction with the regional police, policing, execution and performance rates related to particular police tasks, and their fear of crime. Further aims of this research were to determine whether or not the residents perceive the rural settings as safer living space than the urban ones. Design/Methods/Approach: The survey was conducted in autumn 2010 to meet the needs of Murska Sobota police directorate. A questionnaire of the Ministry for internal affairs was used on a random sample stratified for the number of residents under a particular police station jurisdiction within said directorate. The survey was financed by the state. The sample of 500 respondents was chosen randomly. The research was mostly made by phone (300) or by way of door-to-door questionnaire delivery (122 of which were returned). This analysis is based on seven (7) questions: residents' trust in and satisfaction with the regional police and policing, to the performance rates regarding particular police tasks, as well as to the fear of crime. The questions selected were highly reliable (Cronbach alfa = 0,930). Findings: According to the results, the residents of Pomurje trust their police (between 60 and 69 percent) and are satisfied with police work (between 56 and 66 percent). Further, they agree the police is less efficient in investigating crime than in carrying out other police tasks, and they testify to a strong feeling of safety. There is no statistically significant difference in the perception of safety between rural and urban residents, and there is no gender difference in their satisfaction with police work. Research Limitations/Implications: The survey having been conducted among residents of Pomurje, the results validity is also restricted to this region. The pooled sample coincides well with the population in terms of gender structure, but not in terms of education level, age, and place of residence. Practical Implications: These findings may be directly applied in managing police work, developing ways and selecting the tasks aimed at providing even more successful and efficient collaboration between the police and the local community, as well as in measuring the residents' satisfaction with the regional police. Originality/Value: Hypothesis testing is done by way of relevant statistical tests, and the importance of conducting quality public opinion surveys is emphasized. (English) [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Namen prispevka: Predstaviti rezultate raziskave o zaupanju in zadovoljstvu prebivalcev Pomurja z delom policije, podati mnenje prebivalcev o uspešnosti na posameznih podro?jih policijskega dela ter stopnjo ob?utka ogroženosti prebivalcev in ali se prebivalci podeželskega okolja po?utijo bolj varne kot tisti, ki živijo v mestih. Metode: Anketa je bila izvedena jeseni 2010 za potrebe Policijske uprave Murska Sobota. Uporabljen je bil vprašalnik Ministrstva za notranje zadeve. Za anketiranje je bil izbran slu?ajni vzorec, stratificiran glede na število prebivalcev obmo?ja posamezne policijske postaje. Anketo so financirali iz sredstev državnega prora?una. Izbor 500 anketiranih je bil naklju?en, anketiranje je bilo ve?inoma telefonsko (300) oz. z vprašalniki, razdeljenimi od vrat do vrat (122 izpolnjenih). Za analizo je bilo izbranih sedem vprašanj: zaupanje v policijo, osebno zadovoljstvo z njenim delom, uspešnost policije na posameznih podro?jih dela in ob?utek varnosti. Izbrana vprašanja so visoko zanesljiva (Cronbachov alfa = 0,930). Ugotovitve: Rezultati kažejo, da prebivalci zaupajo pomurski policiji (med 60 in 69 odstotki), da so zadovoljni z njenim delom (med 56 in 66 odstotki) in da je policija manj uspešna na podro?ju preiskovanja kriminalitete kot na podro?ju opravljanja splošnih policijskih nalog. Izkazan je visok ob?utek varnosti. Ni ugotovljene razlike med ob?utkom varnosti prebivalcev, ki živijo v podeželskem oz. mestnem okolju in tudi ne razlike v zadovoljstvu z delom policije glede na spol. Omejitve/uporabnost raziskave: Raziskava je bila izvedena v Pomurju, zato je veljavnost rezultatov omejena na Pomurje. Izbran vzorec se po spolu dobro, po izobrazbi, kraju bivanja in starosti pa slabše prilega populaciji.Namen prispevka: Predstaviti rezultate raziskave o zaupanju in zadovoljstvu prebivalcev Pomurja z delom policije, podati mnenje prebivalcev o uspešnosti na posameznih podro?jih policijskega dela ter stopnjo ob?utka ogroženosti prebivalcev in ali se prebivalci podeželskega okolja po?utijo bolj varne kot tisti, ki živijo v mestih. Metode: Anketa je bila izvedena jeseni 2010 za potrebe Policijske uprave Murska Sobota. Uporabljen je bil vprašalnik Ministrstva za notranje zadeve. Za anketiranje je bil izbran slu?ajni vzorec, stratificiran glede na število prebivalcev obmo?ja posamezne policijske postaje. Anketo so financirali iz sredstev državnega prora?una. Izbor 500 anketiranih je bil naklju?en, anketiranje je bilo ve?inoma telefonsko (300) oz. z vprašalniki, razdeljenimi od vrat do vrat (122 izpolnjenih). Za analizo je bilo izbranih sedem vprašanj: zaupanje v policijo, osebno zadovoljstvo z njenim delom, uspešnost policije na posameznih podro?jih dela in ob?utek varnosti. Izbrana vprašanja so visoko zanesljiva (Cronbachov alfa = 0,930). Ugotovitve: Rezultati kažejo, da prebivalci zaupajo pomurski policiji (med 60 in 69 odstotki), da so zadovoljni z njenim delom (med 56 in 66 odstotki) in da je policija manj uspešna na podro?ju preiskovanja kriminalitete kot na podro?ju opravljanja splošnih policijskih nalog. Izkazan je visok ob?utek varnosti. Ni ugotovljene razlike med ob?utkom varnosti prebivalcev, ki živijo v podeželskem oz. mestnem okolju in tudi ne razlike v zadovoljstvu z delom policije glede na spol. Omejitve/uporabnost raziskave: Raziskava je bila izvedena v Pomurju, zato je veljavnost rezultatov omejena na Pomurje. Izbran vzorec se po spolu dobro, po izobrazbi, kraju bivanja in starosti pa slabše prilega populaciji. (Slovenian) [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Varstvoslovje: Journal of Criminal Justice & Security is the property of University of Maribor, Faculty of Criminal Justice & Security and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Brick, J. M. and S. Lohr (2019). "Experimental Evaluation of Mail Questionnaires in a Probability Sample on Victimization." Journal of the Royal Statistical Society: Series A (Statistics in Society) 182(2): 669-687.
	Experiments to evaluate questionnaires or methods for data collection are often conducted in the context of a probability sample that collects data from various primary sampling units or sites. Statistics used to evaluate treatment effects for these experiments have different interpretations and variances in different inferential frameworks. We discuss four frameworks for inference about treatment effects: inference to the finite population, to a superpopulation of future sites, to the mean of the site treatment effects and to individual respondents. For each framework, we consider the parameters of interest, the properties of statistics used to estimate those parameters, and the optimal design for the experiment. We consider the four inferential frameworks for an experiment conducted on a mail survey measuring criminal victimization and community attitudes towards law enforcement. The paper concludes with a discussion of how the frameworks could be applied to other experiments.

Broadhurst, R. and T. Bouhours (2009). "Policing in Cambodia: legitimacy in the making?" Policing & Society 19(2): 174-190.
	Analyses of police statistics, newspaper reports, and United Nations International Crime Victim Surveys (UNICVS) are used to describe trends in crime and changes in perceptions of security, corruption and confidence in police in post-conflict Cambodia. These data show that both violent crimes (including homicides and police or vigilante killings) and property crimes have declined. Modest reductions in fear of crime are observed but confidence in police has not improved, although 'street-level' corruption is less frequent. Corruption, elite crime and consumer fraud remain serious problems consistent with Cambodia's 'fragile state' status. The emergence of juvenile and drug related crime reflects demographic changes and the impact of modernisation (and urbanisation) on cultural practices. The role of modernisation and democratic transition in shaping the form, response to and extent of crime is discussed, as well as the effect of international aid focussed on criminal justice assistance. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Policing & Society is the property of Routledge and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Brooks, A., et al. (2010). "Incidence and impact of dog attacks on guide dogs in the UK." Veterinary Record 166(25): 778-781.
	In a retrospective survey, researchers identified 100 incidents of attacks on guide dogs by other dogs. These were reviewed in order to determine the number, severity and impact on the handler and dog, and the characteristics of the aggressors and victims. During the study period there were more than three attacks reported each month, with 61 per cent of the attacks being upon dogs that were in harness and working with an owner or trainer. The majority of the dogs that were attacked were male (62 per cent), and the breeds that were over-represented (relative to their prevalence in the general guide dog population) were the labrador and the golden retriever × flat-coated retriever crossbreed. Most of the attacks occurred in public places between 09.00 and 15.00 and the majority (61 per cent) of the attacking dogs were off the lead at the time of the attack. Thirty-eight per cent of the attacking dogs were of bull breeds, which were over-represented among attackers compared with the proportion of this breed type in the general dog population. Veterinary attention was sought after 41 per cent of the attacks, and in 19 per cent of instances there was injury to the handler or to a member of the public. The attacks were reported to have affected the working performance and behaviour of the victim dog in 45 per cent of the instances, and two dogs had to be subsequently withdrawn from working as guide dogs.

Brown, B. L. v., et al. (2019). "A critical review examining substance use during the disaster life cycle." Disaster Prevention & Management 28(2): 171-182.
	Purpose: The purpose of this paper is twofold: first, to argue that substance use is a real risk for people who experience disaster, and especially so for socially vulnerable populations; second, to incorporate questions that help measure substance use during the disaster life cycle in pre-existing data sets. Design/methodology/approach: The authors provide a critical review and discussion of what is missing from current drug use data sets, and how they could incorporate collection techniques for disaster stricken populations. The manuscript is not based on research but helps develop and test hypotheses. The authors are more discursive, and review philosophical discussions and comparative studies of other pre-existing data sets that collect substance use information. Findings: Although it would take some effort to change these pre-existing national surveys, it could be done, which would allow researchers to collect much more extensive and informative data with regard to substance use during the disaster life cycle. Research limitations/implications: This manuscript is a commentary/discussion piece that proposes ideas for improved data collection. Ideally, the authors would be able to test these updated surveys. Practical implications: Improved data collection methods, and improved emergency response and recovery. Social implications: Having the ability to collect these data will ultimately make communities more resilient. Originality/value: The authors argue that the overlap of crime and disaster, in which substance use during the disaster life cycle falls, is an extremely understudied area. As the field of disaster studies continues to grow, the methodological and theoretical challenges of studying crime and disaster have prevented this sub-field from advancing. The authors wish to advance the discipline by pushing toward improved data collection during substance use during the disaster life cycle.

Brubacher, S. P., et al. (2018). "A Nationwide Survey of Child Interviewing Practices in Canada." Canadian Journal of Criminology & Criminal Justice 60(1): 34-68.
	The goal of the present study was to create professional awareness about the degree of consensus and consistency in the interview techniques that ultimately influence child victims' experiences and progression through the legal system in Canada. We surveyed 200 professionals who interview children in Canada about the guidelines and techniques they use, their perceptions of their training and interviewing arrangements, and the needs and challenges they face in daily practice. Results revealed a wide variety of practices in use across the country, and differences in length of training and who provided it. Police and child protection workers tended to differ on their satisfaction with interviewing arrangements. Commonalities were observed across organizations and locales in that most interviewers could readily identify challenges in talking to vulnerable witnesses and desires for additional training (e.g., greater topic breadth and regular follow-ups). Responses revealed awareness of contemporary research, as well as pockets of more traditional thinking, about child witness capabilities and interviewing techniques. Although variety in interviewing guidelines and training providers is not necessarily problematic, the development of a single nationwide policy on the core components of vulnerable witness interviewing, to which training programs must adhere, could have particular value. (English) [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
L'objectif de cette étude était de sensibiliser les professionnels au degré de consensus et d'uniformité des techniques d'entrevue qui, ultimement, influencent l'expérience des enfants victimes et leur progression au sein du système juridique canadien. Nous avons sonde 200 professionnels interviewant des enfants au Canada sur les directives et les techniques qu'ils utilisent, leurs perceptions de leur formation et du cadre d'entrevues ainsi que les besoins et défis auxquels ils font face quotidiennement. Les résultats dévoilent une grande variete de pratiques utilisees partout au pays ainsi que des differences en ce qui concerne la durée de la formation obtenue et qui la fournit. Les policiers et les intervenants des services de protection de l'enfance ont tendance a avoir différents taux de satisfaction quant aux cadres d'entrevue. Certains aspects communs ont été notes, et ce, peu importe l'organisme et l'emplacement. En effet, la plupart des interviewers pouvaient aisément identifier les défis liés a l'entrevue de témoins vulnérables et exprimer le désir de recevoir des formations supplémentaires (ex. une couverture plus ample du sujet et un suivi régulier). Les réponses dévoilent une connaissance de la recherche contemporaine, ainsi que de petits groupes de pensées plus traditionnelles, sur les compétences des enfants témoins et les techniques d'entrevue. Bien que des différences en matière de cadres d'entrevues et de fournisseurs de formation ne causent pas néécessairement des problèmes, le dééveloppement d'une seule politique canadienne sur les éélééments importants liés a l'entrevue de téémoins vulnerables que des programmes de formation doivent respecter pourrait avoir de la valeur. (French) [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Canadian Journal of Criminology & Criminal Justice is the property of University of Toronto Press and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Bruce, J. S., et al. (2019). "Combating child summer food insecurity: examination of a community-based mobile meal program." Journal of Community Health 44(5): 1009-1018.
	Low-income children's access to meals decreases during the summer months due to losing the benefit of the free and reduced-price lunches they normally receive during the school year. Few studies critically examine community-based approaches to providing summer meals. This mixed methods study examined a mobile meal program implemented in a community with large economic disparities. Parents and caregivers who attended the mobile meal program with a child at one of three sites completed surveys that screened for risk of food insecurity and examined access and utilization of community food resources. Interviews with a representative subsample of English- and Spanish-speaking participants elicited an in-depth understanding of food insecurity in the community and perspectives on the mobile meal program. Surveys (n=284) were completed in English (78%) and Spanish (22%). Participants identified primarily as Asian (32%), Latino/Hispanic (29%), and White (27%), with 26% screening positive for risk of food insecurity within the past 12 months. Qualitative interviews (n=36) revealed widespread support for meals served in public settings as they were perceived to be welcoming, fostered social interactions, and helped the community at large. Participants described the high cost of living as a key motivation for participating and cited immigration fears as a barrier to accessing public resources. Findings from this study suggest the importance of innovative community-based approaches to serving hard-to-reach children during the summer.

Bruce, J. S., et al. (2017). "Lunch at the library: examination of a community-based approach to addressing summer food insecurity." Public Health Nutrition 20(9): 1640-1649.
	Objective: To examine a library-based approach to addressing food insecurity through a child and adult summer meal programme. The study examines: (i) risk of household food insecurity among participants; (ii) perspectives on the library meal programme; and (iii) barriers to utilizing other community food resources. Design: Quantitative surveys with adult participants and qualitative semi-structured interviews with a sub-sample of adult participants. Setting: Ten libraries using public and private funding to serve meals to children and adults for six to eight weeks in low-income Silicon Valley communities (California, USA) during summer 2015. Subjects: Adult survey participants (≥18 years) were recruited to obtain maximum capture, while a sub-sample of interview participants was recruited through maximum variation purposeful sampling. Results: Survey participants (n 161) were largely Latino (71%) and Asian (23%). Forty-one per cent of participants screened positive for risk of food insecurity in the past 12 months. A sub-sample of programme participants engaged in qualitative interviews (n 67). Interviewees reported appreciating the library's child enrichment programmes, resources, and open and welcoming atmosphere. Provision of adult meals was described as building community among library patrons, neighbours and staff. Participants emphasized lack of awareness, misinformation about programmes, structural barriers (i.e. transportation), immigration fears and stigma as barriers to utilizing community food resources. Conclusions: Food insecurity remains high in our study population. Public libraries are ideal locations for community-based meal programmes due to their welcoming and stigma-free environment. Libraries are well positioned to link individuals to other social services given their reputation as trusted community organizations.

Brunton-Smith, I. and K. Bullock (2019). "Patterns and Drivers of Co-production in Neighbourhood Watch in England and Wales: From Neo-liberalism to New Localism." British Journal of Criminology 59(1): 85-106.
	Established in England and Wales in the context of the neo-liberal governments of the 1980s and promoted through the New Local agenda of New Labour and beyond, Neighbourhood Watch (NW) is a primary means through which the state and citizens may co-produce crime control. However, whether citizens have the time or inclination to co-produce is debated, and it is generally believed that NW proliferates in advantaged, low crime rate areas that need it least. Drawing on analysis of the Crime Survey for England and Wales (CSEW) (1988–2010/11), this article examines long-term trends in participation in NW. It examines the spread of NW, how household support for NW fluctuates once established and the changing importance of some of the key household drivers of participation in NW. It then assesses the extent to which NW schemes are concentrated in more affluent areas, showing that this is moderated by crime risk. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of British Journal of Criminology is the property of Oxford University Press / USA and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Buchanan, A. L., et al. (2012). "Barriers to medication adherence in HIV-infected children and youth based on self- and caregiver report." Pediatrics 129(5): e1244-e1251.
	OBJECTIVE: Nonadherence to antiretroviral therapy among children/youth with HIV often is associated with disease progression. This study examined the agreement between child and caregiver perceptions of barriers to adherence and factors associated with these barriers. METHODS: Children/youth with perinatally acquired HIV and their parents/caregivers (n=120 dyads) completed a questionnaire about 19 potential barriers to adherence to the child's antiretroviral therapy regimen. Agreement between the 2 reports was measured via the kappa statistic. Factors associated with the barriers were assessed by using multiple logistic regression. RESULTS: Of the 120 children, 55% were African American, 54% were boys, and the average age was 12.8 years. The most frequently reported barrier by either the caregiver or youth was "forgot." There were varying degrees of agreement between child and caregiver on the following barriers: "forgot," "taste," "child was away from home," "child refused," and "child felt good." Children who knew their HIV status were more likely to report logistical barriers, such as scheduling issues. Children with a biological parent as their caregiver were more likely to report regimen or fear of disclosure as a barrier. CONCLUSIONS: Lack of agreement was observed for more than half of the studied barriers, indicating discrepancies between children's and caregivers' perceptions of factors that influence medication-taking. The findings suggest a need for interventions that involve both child and caregiver in the tasks of remembering when to administer the child's medications, sustaining adherence, and appropriately transitioning medication responsibility to the youth.

Buck-Coleman, A. (2018). "Anger, Profanity, and Hatred: Understanding People in Their Social Worlds Understanding People in Their Social Worlds." Contexts 17(1): 66-73.
	Protest posters as a flexible, class-free mechanism of expression.

Budak, J. and E. Rajh (2012). "Corruption Survey In Croatia: Survey Confidentiality And Trust In Institutions." Drustvena Istrazivanja 21(2): 291-313.
	In an attempt to explore the linkages between corruption surveys, underreporting corruption experiences and causes of reluctance to report corruption, this paper provides insight into solutions applied to mitigate the underreporting risks in surveying corruption experiences in Croatia. Based on the "Survey on use of public services and public integrity" conducted in Croatia in the summer of 2010, the issue of underreporting corruption is assessed here with a two-fold approach. The study first discusses the various aspects of the survey methodology applied, where the main concerns were the willingness of respondents to report corruption and their perceptions regarding risk of personal data misuse. Potential reluctance to admit involvement in corruption as a criminal act might be driven by a fear of subsequent surveillance or investigation. Further, we investigate the concerns expressed by respondents regarding the misuse of data, in particular with regard to protecting anonymity. The other issue arises from the direct survey results and refers to citizens' attitudes and reasons for (not) reporting crime to official institutions. The analysis particularly focuses on reporting corruption experiences, both formally and informally. The results of the survey show a very high level of citizens' opportunism and lack of public trust in institutions that might impede anti-corruption efforts in Croatia. Adapted from the source document.

Buelens, B. and J. A. van den Brakel (2015). "Measurement Error Calibration in Mixed-mode Sample Surveys." Sociological Methods & Research 44(3): 391-426.
	Mixed-mode surveys are known to be susceptible to mode-dependent selection and measurement effects, collectively referred to as mode effects. The use of different data collection modes within the same survey may reduce selectivity of the overall response but is characterized by measurement errors differing across modes. Inference in sample surveys generally proceeds by correcting for selectivity—for example, by applying calibration estimators—and ignoring measurement error. When a survey is conducted repeatedly, such inferences are valid only if the measurement error remains constant between surveys. In sequential mixed-mode surveys, it is likely that the mode composition of the overall response differs between subsequent editions of the survey, leading to variations in the total measurement error and invalidating classical inferences. An approach to inference in these circumstances, which is based on calibrating the mode composition of the respondents toward fixed levels, is proposed. Assumptions and risks are discussed and explored in a simulation and applied to the Dutch crime victimization survey. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Sociological Methods & Research is the property of Sage Publications Inc. and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Bui, J., et al. (2019). "Asking survey questions about criminal justice involvement." Public Health Reports 134(Suppl. 1): 46S-56S.
	Criminal justice involvement is a multifaceted construct encompassing various forms of contact with the criminal justice system. It is a sensitive topic to ask about in surveys and also a sensitive topic for respondents to answer. This article provides guidance for writing survey questions on criminal justice involvement, starting with a review of potential causes for reporting error and nonresponse error associated with survey questions on criminal justice involvement. Questions about criminal justice involvement are subject to errors that are common to any survey (eg, misunderstanding questions, recall bias, telescoping). Responses to these questions are also subject to underreporting because of social desirability concerns. We also address strategies to reduce error for questions pertaining to criminal justice involvement (eg, self-administered data collection, wording of forgiving questions, indirect methods). We then discuss common design decisions associated with writing survey questions on criminal justice involvement (eg, type and frequency of criminal justice involvement, reference period,) and provide examples of questions from current surveys.

Bukhari, E. E., et al. (2016). "Middle East respiratory syndrome coronavirus (MERS-CoV) outbreak perceptions of risk and stress evaluation in nurses." Journal of Infection in Developing Countries 10(8): 845-850.
	Introduction: Saudi Arabia was affected by an outbreak of Middle East respiratory syndrome coronavirus (MERS-CoV). We aimed to determine the perception of risk and level of stress among nurses. Methodology: A questionnaire survey was administered to determine the perceptions of risk of MERS-CoV infection. Results: The majority of the participants were females (332; 86.0%), and there were 54 (14.0%) males. Of the 386 respondents, nurses constituted the majority of the respondents (293; 75.9%), and there were 34 doctors (8.8%). The percentage of exposure was found to be greater in those who were working in the intensive care unit (ICU) (89; 23%). There was a significant difference in the worry and fear scale of contracting the MERS-CoV infection between participants who worked in isolation areas, ICUs, and emergency rooms (mean: 3.01±1.1) compared to participants who worked in areas that are less likely to admit and have MERS-CoV suspected or positive cases (mean: 2.77±1.1); p=0.031. Females were significantly more worried and fearful of contracting the virus compared to males (mean: 2.92±1.1 versus 2.61±1.0, respectively; p=0.045). Conclusions: MERS-CoV caused a relatively significant level of distress among nurses. There was a difference in the worry and fear scale of contracting the MERS-CoV infection between participants who worked in areas likely to admit and have MERS-CoV suspected or positive cases. After the campaign, the level of confidence got higher and the participants were more adherent to the infection control precautions.

Bullock, K. and K. Sindall (2014). "Examining the nature and extent of public participation in neighbourhood policing." Policing & Society 24(4): 385-404.
	Situated within the ‘New Localism’ agenda neighbourhood policing, a contemporary form of community policing operating in England and Wales, has sought to increase citizen participation in shaping the direction of local policing. Whilst public participation has been viewed as central for the operation of community policing by its advocates, others have been much more critical about what can be achieved. Concerns have been raised that participation has been low and ‘regressive’ rather than ‘progressive’ in its effect. Using binary logistic regression models constructed from Crime Survey for England and Wales (formerly British Crime Survey) data, this study confirms that the majority of the population do not participate and demonstrates that awareness of and participation in neighbourhood policing are shaped by an interaction of factors related to demography, the life course, neighbourhood attachments, facets of social class, perceptions of crime and disorder and attitudes to the police. We conclude that while neighbourhood policing is likely to be consumed by the ‘usual suspects’, there is also evidence that neighbourhood policing does not have a wholly regressive effect. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Policing & Society is the property of Routledge and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Burger, N. E., et al. (2012). "Healthy firms: constraints to growth among private health sector facilities in Ghana and Kenya." PLoS ONE 7(2): e27885-e27885.
	Background: Health outcomes in developing countries continue to lag the developed world, and many countries are not on target to meet the Millennium Development Goals. The private health sector provides much of the care in many developing countries (e.g., approximately 50 percent in Sub-Saharan Africa), but private providers are often poorly integrated into the health system. Efforts to improve health systems performance will need to include the private sector and increase its contributions to national health goals. However, the literature on constraints private health care providers face is limited. Methodology/Principal Findings: We analyze data from a survey of private health facilities in Kenya and Ghana to evaluate growth constraints facing private providers. A significant portion of facilities (Ghana: 62 percent; Kenya: 40 percent) report limited access to finance as the most significant barrier they face; only a small minority of facilities report using formal credit institutions to finance day to day operations (Ghana: 6 percent; Kenya: 11 percent). Other important barriers include corruption, crime, limited demand for goods and services, and poor public infrastructure. Most facilities have paper-based rather than electronic systems for patient records (Ghana: 30 percent; Kenya: 22 percent), accounting (Ghana: 45 percent; Kenya: 27 percent), and inventory control (Ghana: 41 percent; Kenya: 24 percent). A majority of clinics in both countries report undertaking activities to improve provider skills and to monitor the level and quality of care they provide. However, only a minority of pharmacies report undertaking such activities. Conclusions/Significance: The results suggest that improved access to finance and improving business processes especially among pharmacies would support improved contributions by private health facilities. These strategies might be complementary if providers are more able to take advantage of increased access to finance when they have the business processes in place for operating a successful business and health facility.

Butler, B., et al. (2014). "Illinois trauma centers and community violence resources." Journal of Emergencies, Trauma and Shock 7(1): 14-19.
	Background: Elder abuse and neglect (EAN), intimate partner violence (IPV), and street-based community violence (SBCV) are significant public health problems, which frequently lead to traumatic injury. Trauma centers can provide an effective setting for intervention and referral, potentially interrupting the cycle of violence. Aims: To assess existing institutional resources for the identification and treatment of violence victims among patients presenting with acute injury to statewide trauma centers. Settings and Design: We used a prospective, web-based survey of trauma medical directors at 62 Illinois trauma centers. Nonresponders were contacted via telephone to complete the survey. Materials and Methods: This survey was based on a survey conducted in 2004 assessing trauma centers and IPV resources. We modified this survey to collect data on IPV, EAN, and SBCV. Statistical Analysis: Univariate and bivariate statistics were performed using STATA statistical software. Results: We found that 100% of trauma centers now screen for IPV, an improvement from 2004 (P=0.007). Screening for EAN (70%) and SBCV (61%) was less common (P&lt;0.001), and hospitals thought that resources for SBCV in particular were inadequate (P&lt;0.001) and fewer resources were available for these patients (P=0.02). However, there was lack of uniformity of screening, tracking, and referral practices for victims of violence throughout the state. Conclusion: The multiplicity of strategies for tracking and referring victims of violence in Illinois makes it difficult to assess screening and tracking or form generalized policy recommendations. This presents an opportunity to improve care delivered to victims of violence by standardizing care and referral protocols.

Buyuktiryaki, B., et al. (2014). "What a pandemic teaches us about vaccination attitudes of parents of children with asthma." Vaccine 32(20): 2275-2280.
	Background: During the recent pandemic, Influenza A/H1N1 vaccine uptake remained far below the targeted rates. Associated factors regarding vaccine refusal in the general population have been reported in many studies, however the reasons behind refusals for asthmatic children have not yet been identified. We aimed to investigate Influenza A/H1N1 virus vaccine acceptance for children with asthma, to determine the attitudes and beliefs of parents concerning Influenza A/H1N1 disease and vaccine and to identify the association of asthma control parameters with vaccination. Methods: The parents of asthmatic children aged 6-18 years participated in a cross-sectional survey study in three pediatric allergy outpatient clinics. The survey measured demographic factors, asthma control parameters, vaccination rates, and beliefs and attitudes regarding Influenza A/H1N1 vaccine. Results: Of the 625 asthmatic children, 16.8% (n=105) were immunized with Influenza A/H1N1 and 45.7% (n=286) with seasonal influenza vaccine. Educational background of parents (p&lt;0.001 and p=0.002, for father's and mother's educational level, respectively), previous vaccination with seasonal influenza (p&lt;0.001), and having a family member vaccinated against Influenza A/H1N1 (p&lt;0.001) had a significant influence on vaccine acceptance, while fear of side effects (88.6%) was the major parental reason for refusing the vaccine. Asthma control parameters had no influence on uptake of the vaccine. Physician recommendation (84.8%) was important in the decision-making process for immunization. The statement "Children with asthma should receive swine flu vaccine" increased the likelihood of being vaccinated [OR: 2.160, (95%CI 1.135-4.111), p=0.019]. Conclusion: Although asthmatic children are considered to be a high-priority group for Influenza A/H1N1 vaccination, we found low uptake of vaccine among our patients. Beliefs and attitudes rather than asthma control parameters influenced parental decisions for immunization. Understanding the underlying determinants for refusing the vaccine will help to improve vaccine campaigns in advance of a future outbreak.

Byng, R., et al. (2015). "Pathways to suicide attempts among male offenders: the role of agency." Sociology of Health and Illness 37(6): 936-951.
	Suicide is common among offenders, who are at increased risk of homelessness, unemployment and mental illness and are prone to impulsivity. Release from prison is a particularly vulnerable time. This qualitative study investigated the views of 35 offenders in South-West England prior to and after release from prison, enquiring into their previous suicide attempts and how they saw their future. Semi-structured interviews were analysed thematically, comparing individuals who had made one, more than one, and no suicide attempts. Multiple attempters were often in despair and enmeshed in substance misuse, with little control over their lives. Most of those with one-off or no previous attempts portrayed themselves as having more mastery. One-off attempters described using particularly violent means. The role of different types of agency in pathways to and from suicide is discussed. Iterational agency, the selective reactivation of past patterns of behaviour, appeared to dominate in individuals who were choosing between further suicide attempts and substance use. Projective agency, having a more future orientation, appeared more prominent in some single attempters and in those individuals with plans to escape crime and social exclusion.

Caetano, R., et al. (2009). "Agreement on Reporting of Physical, Psychological, and Sexual Violence Among White, Black, and Hispanic Couples in the United States." Journal of interpersonal violence 24(8): 1318-1337.
	This article examines agreement on reports of male-to-female and female-to-male psychological, physical, and sexual violence among White, Black, and Hispanic couples in the United States. Using a probability sample, separate face-to-face interviews were conducted in respondents' homes with both members of 1,025 intact couples living in the 48 contiguous states. The overall survey response rate was 72%. Results indicate that agreement on each of the three types of violence is low, independent of perpetrator's gender and ethnicity. Kappa coefficients of agreement range from .07 to .48. Higher agreement is obtained for psychological violence, followed by physical and sexual violence. Depending on the type of violence, between 30% (psychological aggression) and 90% (sexual coercion) of events would not have been identified if identification required agreement between partners. Logistic analysis shows that the severity of violence is the only variable that increases the likelihood of agreement across the three types of violence. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Journal of Interpersonal Violence is the property of Sage Publications Inc. and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Calil, A. M. and D. Birolini (2009). "Epidemiologic findings relating to transportation accidents and alcohol. / Achados epidemiológicos relacionados aos acidentes de transporte e álcool." Nursing 12(139): 560-564.
	This is an original descriptive-exploratory study, in which an attempt is made to identify the number of traffic accident victims that were drunk. Therefore, the case histories were utilized of 220 patients who were alive when hospitalized in a unit in the city of São Paulo that is reference for trauma care. The main results demonstrated that 60% had consumed some degree of alcohol. The majority of this population were male, mainly aging under 40 years. Brain injury (TCE/Portuguese) was found in 46.6% of the group and most of those who died were pedestrians.

Calise, T. V., et al. (2019). "Food access and its relationship to perceived walkability, safety, and social cohesion." Health Promotion Practice 20(6): 858-867.
	Understanding social inequalities in terms of neighborhood characteristics and the context to which individuals belong is important for reducing disparities. This article describes how perceptions of food access are related to three physical and social environmental factors: perceived neighborhood walkability, safety, and social cohesion. A cross-sectional survey was conducted with a random sample of 1,500 households in Springfield, Missouri. The main outcome measures were ease of purchase; availability of a large selection and quality; and affordability of fresh fruits and vegetables (FVs) and low-fat products (LFPs). Overall, 63% of respondents reported consuming &lt;5 servings of FVs daily in the past month. Most agreed it was easy to purchase FVs (70%) and LFPs (76%) in their neighborhood and felt there was a large selection available (70% and 71%, respectively). High walkability (odds ratio [OR]: 1.8), low crime (OR: 1.6), and high social cohesion (OR: 1.7) were significantly associated with having greater selection of FVs. High walkability (OR: 1.6) and low crime (OR: 1.6) were associated with greater access to FVs. Given that healthy food access is an important component to improving health outcomes, understanding how to alter environmental features that influence behaviors like eating is important.

Calkoglu, E. O., et al. (2018). "Sexism, attitudes, and behaviors towards violence against women in medical emergency services workers in Erzurum, Turkey." Global Health Action 11: 1524541-1524541.
	Background: In Turkey, almost every 4 out of 10 married women have been subjected to physical abuse by their spouses. Although studies on the prevalence of domestic violence in Turkey abound, little has been published about first responders' attitudes and behaviors towards violence against women and on sexism. Objective: Our study examined the attitudes and behaviors of Erzurum City medical emergency services workers towards violence against women, and their relationship with sexist attitudes. Methods: A cross-sectional survey was conducted among 370 medical emergency service personnel using a self-administered questionnaire of 35 items, which included two scales utilizing a three-point Likert format; 15 questions measured attitudes and behaviors towards violence against women (VAW) and 12 items measured sexist attitudes. Results: The mean age of participants was 29.6±8.0 years with a sex distribution of (47.6%) women and 194 (52.4%) men. Less than half of the participants (48.5%; n=173) felt competent in recognizing and managing VAW; moreover, when faced with such cases, 18.5% (n=67) said they would try to reconcile the victim with the perpetrator. Male participants had higher mean scores both on VAW (20.7±5.2 vs. 16.9±2.8; t=7.927; p&lt;0.001) and on sexist attitudes (24.3±5.3 vs. 18.6±4.3; t=1.714; p&lt;0.001). Age (B=0.067; 95% CI: 0.014-0.119; p=0.013) and sexism scores (B=0.487; 95% CI: 0.407-0.566; p&lt;0.001) were revealed as independent significant predictors of the VAW attitude scores. Conclusions: Educational and public health measures must be instituted to change attitudes and behaviors towards violence against women; measures must focus not only on violence but also on sexism. Health care professionals need to reflect on their own gender biases in clinical practice and prevent gender discrimination.

Callahan, R. L., et al. (2019). "Potential user interest in new long-acting contraceptives: results from a mixed methods study in Burkina Faso and Uganda." PLoS ONE 14(5): e0217333-e0217333.
	Method-related concerns represent an important cause of contraceptive non-use and discontinuation. User preferences must be incorporated into the design of new contraceptive technologies to ensure product success and improve family planning outcomes. We assessed preferences among potential users in Burkina Faso and Uganda for six contraceptive methods currently under development or ready for introduction: a new copper intra-uterine device (IUD), a levonorgestrel intra-uterine system, a new single-rod implant, a biodegradable implant, a longer-acting injectable, and a method of non-surgical permanent contraception. Questions were added to nationally-representative PMA2020 household surveys that asked 2,743 and 2,403 women in Burkina Faso and Uganda, respectively, their interest in using each new method. We assessed factors associated with interest through multivariable logistic regression models. We conducted qualitative interviews and focus groups with 398 women, 78 men, and 52 family planning providers and key informants to explore perceived advantages and disadvantages of the methods. Respondents expressed interest in using all new methods, with greatest interest in the longer-acting injectable (77% in Burkina Faso, 61% in Uganda), followed by a new single-rod implant. Least interest was expressed in a new copper IUD (26% Burkina Faso, 15% in Uganda). In both countries, women with less education had higher odds of interest in a longer-acting injectable. Interest in most new methods was associated with desiring a method lasting longer than one year and acceptance of lack of menstrual bleeding as a contraceptive side effect. Perceived advantages and disadvantages were similar between countries, including concerns about menstrual side effects and fear of the biodegradable nature of the biodegradable implant. Potential users, their partners, and providers are interested in new longer-acting methods, however, familiar forms including the injectable and implant may be the most immediately acceptable. A biodegradable implant will require clear counseling messages to allay potential fears.

Callender, M., et al. (2019). "Exploring the police support volunteer experience: findings from a national survey." Policing & Society 29(4): 392-406.
	There are an estimated 8000 Police Support Volunteers (PSVs) in England and Wales, contributing around 650,000 hours each year to an expanding variety of tasks to support their local constabularies. Despite this, the evidence base around the experiences of being a PSV is remarkably limited. Drawing on findings from the first national survey of police volunteers in England and Wales, undertaken in the early 2016 with just over 1000 PSV responses, this article explores key factors that are associated with the overall experience of being a PSV pointing towards the significance of management, support, supervision, connection, contribution and development on volunteer morale. The article sets these findings within the strategic context of future developments for PSVs, considers practical actions for improving volunteer experience, and highlights the importance of further research into being a volunteer in policing. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Policing & Society is the property of Routledge and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Calvo, T., et al. (2019). "Fear of the State in Governance Surveys? Empirical Evidence from African Countries." World Development 123.
	The need to collect data on governance-related issues has been growing since the 1990s. Demand gained momentum in 2015 with the adoption of SDG16 worldwide and Agenda 2063 in Africa. African countries played a key role in the adoption of SDG16 and are now leading the process of collecting harmonised household data on Governance, Peace and Security (GPS). Yet the possibility has recently been raised that sensitive survey data collected by government institutions are potentially biased due to self-censorship by respondents. This paper studies the potential bias in responses to what are seen as sensitive questions, here governance issues, in surveys conducted by public organisations. We compare Afrobarometer (AB) survey data, collected in eight African countries by self-professed independent institutions, with first-hand harmonised GPS survey data collected by National Statistics Offices (NSOs). We identify over 20 similarly worded questions on democracy, trust in institutions and perceived corruption. We first compare responses from AB survey respondents based on who they believe the survey sponsor to be. No systematic response bias is found between respondents who believe the government to be behind the AB survey and those who consider it to be conducted by an independent institution. Our estimations suggest that the observed residual differences are due to a selection bias on the observables, which is mitigated by propensity score matching procedures. The absence of a systematic self-censorship or attenuation bias is further evidenced by means of an experimental design, whereby responses from GPS surveys conducted by NSOs (the treatment) are compared with AB surveys sponsored by reportedly independent bodies. Our results provide evidence, at much higher levels of precision than other existing data sources, of the capacity and legitimacy of government-related organisations to collect data on governance as a matter of national interest and sovereignty.

Camara, M., et al. (2017). "Impact of the Ebola outbreak on Trypanosoma brucei gambiense infection medical activities in coastal Guinea, 2014-2015: a retrospective analysis from the Guinean national Human African Trypanosomiasis control program." PLoS Neglected Tropical Diseases 11(11): e0006060-e0006060.
	Background: The 2014-2015 Ebola outbreak massively hit Guinea. The coastal districts of Boffa, Dubreka and Forecariah, three major foci of Human African Trypanosomiasis (HAT), were particularly affected. We aimed to assess the impact of this epidemic on sleeping sickness screening and caring activities. Methodology/Principal findings: We used preexisting data from the Guinean sleeping sickness control program, collected between 2012 and 2015. We described monthly: the number of persons (i) screened actively; (ii) or passively; (iii) treated for HAT; (iv) attending post-treatment follow-up visits. We compared clinical data, treatment characteristics and Disability Adjusted Life-Years (DALYs) before (February 2012 to December 2013) and during (January 2014 to October 2015) the Ebola outbreak period according to available data. Whereas 32,221 persons were actively screened from February 2012 to December 2013, before the official declaration of the first Ebola case in Guinea, no active screening campaigns could be performed during the Ebola outbreak. Following the reinforcement and extension of HAT passive surveillance system early in 2014, the number of persons tested passively by month increased from 7 to 286 between April and September 2014 and then abruptly decreased to 180 until January 2015 and to none after March 2015. 213 patients initiated HAT treatment, 154 (72%) before Ebola and 59 (28%) during the Ebola outbreak. Those initiating HAT therapy during Ebola outbreak were recruited through passive screening and diagnosed at a later stage 2 of the disease (96% vs. 55% before Ebola, p&lt;0.0001). The proportion of patients attending the 3 months and 6 months post-treatment follow-up visits decreased from 44% to 10% (p&lt;0.0001) and from 16% to 3% (p=0.017) respectively. The DALYs generated before the Ebola outbreak were estimated to 48.7 (46.7-51.5) and increased up to 168.7 (162.7-174.7), 284.9 (277.1-292.8) and 466.3 (455.7-477.0) during Ebola assuming case fatality rates of 2%, 5% and 10% respectively among under-reported HAT cases. Conclusions/Significance: The 2014-2015 Ebola outbreak deeply impacted HAT screening activities in Guinea. Active screening campaigns were stopped. Passive screening dramatically decreased during the Ebola period, but trends could not be compared with pre-Ebola period (data not available). Few patients were diagnosed with more advanced HAT during the Ebola period and retention rates in follow-up were lowered. The drop in newly diagnosed HAT cases during Ebola epidemic is unlikely due to a fall in HAT incidence. Even if we were unable to demonstrate it directly, it is much more probably the consequence of hampered screening activities and of the fear of the population on subsequent confirmation and linkage to care. Reinforced program monitoring, alternative control strategies and sustainable financial and human resources allocation are mandatory during post Ebola period to reduce HAT burden in Guinea.

Cantalupo, N. C. (2014). "Institution-Specific Victimization Surveys: Addressing Legal and Practical Disincentives to Gender-Based Violence Reporting on College Campuses." Trauma, Violence & Abuse 15(3): 227-241.
	This review brings together both the legal literature and original empirical research regarding the advisability of amending the Jeanne Clery Disclosure of Campus Security Policy and Campus Crime Statistics Act or creating new Department of Education regulations to mandate that all higher education institutions survey their students approximately every 5 years about students’ experiences with sexual violence. Legal research conducted regarding the three relevant federal legal regimes show inconsistent incentives for schools to encourage victim reporting and proactively address sexual violence on campus. Moreover, the original research carried out for this article shows that the experience of institutions that have voluntarily conducted such surveys suggests many benefits not only for students, prospective students, parents, and the general public but also for schools themselves. These experiences confirm the practical viability of a mandated survey by the Department of Education. [ABSTRACT FROM PUBLISHER]
Copyright of Trauma, Violence & Abuse is the property of Sage Publications Inc. and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Cantey, P. T., et al. (2010). "Increasing compliance with mass drug administration programs for lymphatic filariasis in India through education and lymphedema management programs." PLoS Neglected Tropical Diseases 4(6): e728-e728.
	Background: Nearly 45% of people living at risk for lymphatic filariasis (LF) worldwide live in India. India has faced challenges obtaining the needed levels of compliance with its mass drug administration (MDA) program to interrupt LF transmission, which utilizes diethylcarbamazine (DEC) or DEC plus albendazole. Previously identified predictors of and barriers to compliance with the MDA program were used to refine a pre-MDA educational campaign. The objectives of this study were to assess the impact of these refinements and of a lymphedema morbidity management program on MDA compliance. Methods/Principal Findings: A randomized, 30-cluster survey was performed in each of 3 areas: the community-based pre-MDA education plus community-based lymphedema management education (Com-MDA+LM) area, the community-based pre-MDA education (Com-MDA) area, and the Indian standard pre-MDA education (MDA-only) area. Compliance with the MDA program was 90.2% in Com-MDA+LM, 75.0% in Com-MDA, and 52.9% in the MDA-only areas (p&lt;0.0001). Identified barriers to adherence included: (1) fear of side effects and (2) lack of recognition of one's personal benefit from adherence. Multivariable predictors of adherence amenable to educational intervention were: (1) knowing about the MDA in advance of its occurrence, (2) knowing everyone is at risk for LF, (3) knowing that the MDA was for LF, and (4) knowing at least one component of the lymphedema management techniques taught in the lymphedema management program. Conclusions/Significance: This study confirmed previously identified predictors of and barriers to compliance with India's MDA program for LF. More importantly, it showed that targeting these predictors and barriers in a timely and clear pre-MDA educational campaign can increase compliance with MDA programs, and it demonstrated, for the first time, that lymphedema management programs may also increase compliance with MDA programs.

Canudas-Romo, V., et al. (2017). "Mexico's epidemic of violence and its public health significance on average length of life." Journal of Epidemiology & Community Health 71(2): 188-193.
	Objectives: A disproportionate number of homicides have caused Mexican life expectancy to stagnate during the new millennium. No efforts currently exist to quantify the harm of violent acts on the lives of the general population. We quantified the impact of perceived vulnerability on life expectancy. Methods: Three Mexican national surveys on perceptions of public safety, life tables, and crime and vital statistics (2000-2014) were used. Prevalence rates of vulnerability/safety by age and sex were obtained from surveys at 2 different levels: federal state and home. The Sullivan method was used to estimate life expectancy lived with and without vulnerability for Mexican women and men. Results: Overall life expectancy at age 20 stagnated between 2005 and 2014 for females and males; yet, there was an increase of 40% and 70% in average number of years lived with vulnerability at the state and home levels, respectively. In 2014, female life expectancy at age 20 was 59.5 years (95% CI 59.0 to 60.1); 71% of these years (42.3 years, 41.6 to 43.0) were spent with perceived vulnerability of violence taking place in the state and 26% at the home (15.3 years, 15 to 15.8). For males, life expectancy at age 20 was 54.5 years (53.7 to 55.1); 64% of these years (34.6 years, 34.0 to 35.4) were lived with perceived vulnerability of violence at the state and 20% at the home (11.1 years, 10.8 to 11.5). Conclusions: The number of years lived with perceived vulnerability among Mexicans has increased by 30.5 million person-years over the last 10 years. If perceived vulnerability remains at its 2014 level, the average Mexican adults would be expected to live a large fraction of his/her life with perceived vulnerability of violence. Acts of violence continue to rise in the country and they should be addressed as a major public health issue before they become endemic.

Capuano, A. W., et al. (2016). "Modeling Likert scale outcomes with trend-proportional odds with and without cluster data." Methodology: European Journal of Research Methods for the Behavioral and Social Sciences 12(2): 33-43.
	Likert scales are commonly used in epidemiological studies employing surveys. In this tutorial we demonstrate how the proportional odds model and the trend odds model can be applied simultaneously to data measured in Likert scales, allowing for random cluster effects. We use two datasets as examples: an epidemiological study on aging and cognition among community-dwelling Black persons, and a clustered large survey data from 28,882 students in 81 middle schools. The first example models the Likert outcome from the question: “People act as if they think you are dishonest.” The trend-proportional odds model indicates that Black men have higher odds than Black women of reporting being perceived as dishonest. The second example models the Likert outcome from the question: “How often have you been beaten up at school?”. The trend-proportional odds model indicates that children with disability have a higher odds of severe violence than other children. For both examples, the cumulative odds ratio increases by more than 60% at the higher Likert levels. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2020 APA, all rights reserved)

Carbone-Lopez, K. and J. Lauritsen (2013). "Seasonal Variation in Violent Victimization: Opportunity and the Annual Rhythm of the School Calendar." Journal of Quantitative Criminology 29(3): 399-422.
	Objectives: This study draws on an underused source of data on seasonality-victim surveys-to assess whether violent crime occurs with greater frequency during summer months or whether it simply becomes known to police more often, and to examine the extent to which seasonal patterns in violent crime are differentiated based on victim characteristics and location of crime. Methods: Data used come from the 1993-2008 National Crime Victimization Survey. Time series regression models are estimated to describe seasonal differences in violent crime victimization and reporting rates. Results: Seasonal trends in youth violence stand in contrast to the trends for young and older adults, primarily due to their high risk of victimization at and near school. No evidence of seasonality is found in the extent to which serious violence becomes known to the police. However, simple assault is significantly more likely to come to the attention of the police during the summer months, primarily due to increases in the reporting of youth violence. Conclusions: Our findings confirm some of the previous work on seasonal patterns in violent crime, but also show that these patterns vary across age groups, locations, and type of violence. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Journal of Quantitative Criminology is the property of Springer Nature and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Carley, T., et al. (2019). "Interest in Pre-exposure Prophylaxis (PrEP) for HIV is Limited Among Women in a General Obstetrics &amp; Gynecology Setting." AIDS and Behavior 23(10): 2741-2748.
	Pre-exposure prophylaxis (PrEP) is an important tool for reducing the risk of HIV acquisition, but identifying eligible and interested female patients remains difficult. We collected 144 surveys at urban Obstetrics & Gynecology clinics in Louisiana to assess interest in PrEP. Study participants were predominantly African–American (61.8%) and 45.1% had incomes of less than $20,000 per year. 84.7% of participants estimated their risk of HIV acquisition to be low. Initial interest in PrEP was moderate at 37.5% of the population. Number of partners, condom use, and self-perceived risk of HIV acquisition were associated with initial interest. After receiving more information about side effects and compliance requirements, only four of 144 (7.8% of initially interested, 2.8% of total) women remained interested in using PrEP. Concern about side effects was the major barrier to persistent interest. Further study is needed to determine how best to identify PrEP candidates in Obstetrics & Gynecology settings.

Carrasco, V., et al. (2011). "Les determinants du depot de plainte: Le type d'agression subie devance de loin les caracteristiques de la victime. (Determinants of Complaint Filings: The Type of Assault Suffered Is Far More Decisive Than the Victim's Characteristics. With English summary.)." Economie et Statistique(448-449): 107-127.
	The five types of personal assault (excluding sexual assault and household violence) observed in the Insee surveys on Living Environment and Security (Cadre de Vie et Securite: CVS) are: personal theft and attempted theft (violent and non-violent), physical assault, threats, and insults. Complaint rates vary widely, from 3% for insults to 42% for violent theft. In many cases, filing a complaint initiates action by the police and gendarmerie, and largely determines the correctional procedures of the criminal justice system. Therefore, a better knowledge of the determinants of complaint filings has important implications for public policy. The key determinant of the victim's decision to file a complaint is the type of assault perpetrated. The formal characteristics of the incident (did the victim know the perpetrator or not) or its context (repetition and/or multiplicity of incidents) have a significant but far weaker effect. The socio-occupational category, household living standards, and age of the victim also explain the propensity to file complaints. These three sets of factors effectively form part of the "economics of complaint filing" as documented in the literature, and they yield the most robust results. A separate analysis of each type of assault gives us additional information on the circumstances of the incident, which are specific to each of those types. The explanatory factors differ by type of attack. For theft, the factors are: the success of the theft, the kind of object stolen, and its value. For violent assault, the factor is the victim's need to see a doctor. For threats and insults, the major determinants are the victim's educational attainment and age.

Carrillo-Díaz, M., et al. (2013). "The moderating role of dental expectancies on the relationship between cognitive vulnerability and dental fear in children and adolescents." Community Dentistry and Oral Epidemiology 41(3): 269-278.
	Objective: Recently, cognitive approaches have been successfully applied to the understanding of child dental anxiety. Our study aimed to analyze the interplay between cognitive variables and their associations with dental fear. In particular, we proposed that the observed relationship between dental treatment-related cognitive vulnerability (i.e., uncontrollability, unpredictability, dangerousness, and disgustingness appraisals) and dental fear is moderated by the expectancies of the probability and aversiveness of negative events during dental treatments. Methods: A questionnaire survey was conducted with data obtained from 179 participants (8-18 years, 55.9% female) who attended 12 randomly selected educational establishments in Madrid (Spain). Results: Dental fear was associated with an irregular pattern of dental visits. As expected, cognitive vulnerability was strongly linked to dental anxiety. For those children who expected a lower likelihood of negative dental events or appraised them in a less aversive way, the relationship between cognitive vulnerability and fear was attenuated. Conclusions: As dental fear and oral health are connected, the prevention and reduction of dental fear among children and adolescents might be a worthwhile target for public health interventions. Our study sheds some light on how this could be achieved, that is, by modifying the children's vulnerability appraisals as well as their fearful dental expectancies.

Carroll, B. C., et al. (2011). "Dating violence among adolescents presenting to a pediatric emergency department." Archives of Pediatrics & Adolescent Medicine 165(12): 1101-1106.
	Objectives: To determine the prevalence and characteristics of dating violence experienced by adolescents seeking care in a pediatric emergency department and how often adolescents reporting victimization follow up with suggested resources. Design: Cross-sectional survey. Setting: An urban pediatric emergency department. Participants: Of 327 participants, 235 (71.9%) were female and 92 (28.1%) were male, with a mean (SE) age of 18.7 (0.10) years. Interventions: Adolescents aged 13 to 21 years completed a survey including demographic characteristics and a validated measure of dating violence. Those reporting victimization received information about local resources and were contacted 1 month later by telephone to determine their use of local resources. Main Outcome Measures: Dating violence exposure and subsequent use of resources. Results: Among the adolescents, 54.8% reported physical and/or sexual victimization (54.0% of girls vs 56.7% of boys; odds ratio=0.9; 95% CI, 0.6-1.5), and 59.4% reported perpetration of physical and/or sexual violence (62.1% of girls vs 52.3% of boys; odds ratio=1.4; 95% CI, 0.9-2.4). Girls were more likely than boys to perpetrate physical violence (52.2% vs 36.1%, respectively; odds ratio=1.9; 95% CI, 1.2-3.2) but were also more than 5 times as likely to report fear of sustaining serious injury from a partner (16.2% vs 3.1%, respectively; odds ratio=6.0; 95% CI, 1.4-26.2). Young age, more intimate partners, and a history of a recent physical fight were independently associated with both dating violence victimization and perpetration. Only 4 of the 127 participants with follow-up interviews (3.1%) used any resources provided. Conclusion: Dating violence perpetration and victimization rates for both boys and girls who had at least 1 dating relationship are high in this pediatric emergency department population.

Casey, E., et al. (2009). "Investigation Delayed Is Justice Denied: Proposals for Expediting Forensic Examinations of Digital Evidence." Journal of Forensic Sciences 54(6): 1353-1364.
	There is an urgent need to reduce the growing backlog of forensic examinations in Digital Forensics Laboratories (DFLs). Currently, DFLs routinely create forensic duplicates and perform in-depth forensic examinations of all submitted media. This approach is rapidly becoming untenable as more cases involve increasing quantities of digital evidence. A more efficient and effective three-tiered strategy for performing forensic examinations will enable DFLs to produce useful results in a timely manner at different phases of an investigation, and will reduce unnecessary expenditure of resources on less serious matters. The three levels of forensic examination are described along with practical examples and suitable tools. Realizing that this is not simply a technical problem, we address the need to update training and establish thresholds in DFLs. Threshold considerations include the likelihood of missing exculpatory evidence and seriousness of the offense. We conclude with the implications of scaling forensic examinations to the investigation. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Journal of Forensic Sciences is the property of Wiley-Blackwell and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Castro, R., et al. (2017). "Risk Factors of Violence against Women in Peru." Journal of Family Violence 32(8): 807-815.
	Based on the results of previous investigations, this study seeks for individual, relationship and community characteristics among women living with their partner associated with intimate partner violence [IPV] victimization. The sample of 19,131 women was taken from the 2016 Peru Demographic and Health Survey. A binomial logistic regression model showed among the most significant risk factors: heavy drinking by the woman's partner (OR = 8.655, p < .001), having witnessed parental domestic violence (OR = 1.496, p < .001) and having experienced physical punishment during childhood (OR = 1.306, p < .001). Other factors related to higher odds of IPV at the individual level include employment and low educational attainment. Relationship risk factors comprise, 25 to 29 years of relationship duration, living in cohabitation, previous unions and low socioeconomic status. At the community level, living in an urban residence increases the likelihood of abuse. These findings highlight the need to include these factors, in the IPV prevention strategies. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Journal of Family Violence is the property of Springer Nature and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Castro, R. J., et al. (2017). "Risk Factors of Violence against Women in Peru." Journal of Family Violence 32(8): 807-815.
	Based on the results of previous investigations, this study seeks for individual, relationship and community characteristics among women living with their partner associated with intimate partner violence [IPV] victimization. The sample of 19,131 women was taken from the 2016 Peru Demographic and Health Survey. A binomial logistic regression model showed among the most significant risk factors: heavy drinking by the woman’s partner (OR = 8.655, p < .001), having witnessed parental domestic violence (OR = 1.496, p < .001) and having experienced physical punishment during childhood (OR = 1.306, p < .001). Other factors related to higher odds of IPV at the individual level include employment and low educational attainment. Relationship risk factors comprise, 25 to 29 years of relationship duration, living in cohabitation, previous unions and low socioeconomic status. At the community level, living in an urban residence increases the likelihood of abuse. These findings highlight the need to include these factors, in the IPV prevention strategies.

Castroand, D. S., et al. (2012). "Sociodemographic characteristics associated with binge drinking among Brazilians." Drug and Alcohol Dependence 126(1-2): 272-276.
	Background: Binge drinking (BD) is a harmful pattern of alcohol use. This study describes this pattern of drinking and the sociodemographic variables associated with it in a representative sample of Brazilians. Methods: A cross-sectional survey of 3007 individuals using a multistage probabilistic sample was conducted in 143 Brazilian municipalities. The frequency of BD in the year preceding the study was assessed. BD was defined as the consumption of four drinks of alcohol within a two-hour period for women and five drinks in two hours for men. Weighted-ordered logit regression was used to assess the relationship between sociodemographic factors and BD. Results: Most respondents had not engaged in binge drinking (69.7%; 95% confidence interval (CI) 67.0-72.2%). Binge drinking was more common among participants who were male (odds ratio (OR) 2.9; 95% CI 2.3-3.6) or single (OR 1.5; 95% CI 1.1-2.1) or had higher family income (OR 2.3; 95% CI 1.3-3.8). Individuals between 18 and 44 years of age were four times more likely to engage in binge drinking than adolescents (OR 4.7; 95% CI 3.3-6.8). Evangelicals/Protestants were less likely to engage in binge drinking (OR 0.7; 95% CI 0.2-0.5). Conclusions: Our study, which is the first representative survey of BD in Brazil, showed that the age range of adults who engaged in BD is wider than the age range observed in other countries. These individuals are at increased risk for the adverse consequences of binge drinking, including addiction, car accidents, involvement in crime, absenteeism, and family violence. [Copyright Elsevier Ireland Ltd.]

Cazacu-Stratu, A., et al. (2018). "Health status of rural population in relation to indoor air quality. / Starea de sanatate a populatiei din localitatile rurale în relatie cu calitatea aerului interior." Jurnal Medical Brasovean(1): 57-64.
	About two million people dies each year because of the heating and cooking systems, one million of them had died as a result of obstructive lung diseases, most of victims were women. The aim of this study was to assess the health of population and the quality of indoor air. Material and methods: 150 people were surveyed in three different areas of the country. The microclimatic parameters in the kitchen have been determined, while the dishes were prepared. Results: The analysis of the questionnaires have shown that the half of those surveyed had suffered frequently of bronchitis, 28% at least once had suffered of pneumonia, 12% of people are suffering of obstructive bronchitis, 7% of asthma, and one person of lung cancer. 20% of investigated respondents have been diagnosed with ischemic heart disease and 7% of them with stroke. The most common sources of fuel used by the population are wood (73%), raw coal (1.3%), processed coal (2%), biomass (0.7%) and crop residues (67%). A high level of carbon dioxide concentration from 0.06% to 0.4% was determined in the kitchen air, as a result of using those fuel sources, the concentration of which exceeds the allowable maximum of 0.3% Conclusions: Inadequate cooking conditions are a risk factor for the development of cardiovascular and respiratory diseases.

Cénat, J. M., et al. (2014). "Cyberbullying, psychological distress and self-esteem among youth in Quebec schools." Journal of Affective Disorders 169: 7-9.
	Background: The advent of new technologies and social media offers a host of possibilities for teenagers to consolidate social networks. Unfortunately, new technologies also represent a potential setting for experiences of victimization. Methods: The present study explores the prevalence of cyberbullying victimization in a representative sample of 8 194 teenagers in Quebec and the adverse associated consequences. Results: Results indicate that 18% of boys and close to 1 out of 4 girls report at least one incident of cyberbullying in the past 12 months. Cyberbullying victimization contributes to the prediction of low selfesteem and psychological distress over and above other experiences of bullying in schools or other settings. Conclusions: Cyberbullying appear as one important target for the design of prevention and intervention services designed for youth.

Cerjak, M., et al. (2011). "What are the concerns of Croatian traditional food consumers regarding GM food?" British Food Journal 113(1): 37-49.
	Purpose - The purpose of this paper is to examine the knowledge of Croatian traditional food consumers, their attitudes as well as their concerns regarding GM food. Design/methodology/approach - A face-to-face survey was conducted with 360 consumers in order to collect data on importance of food production technology, respondents' knowledge about GM food, consumers' beliefs about GM food, fear of genetic modifications, willingness to consume and pay for GM food and respondents' demographics. Data were analysed with univariate and multivariate analyses. Findings - The knowledge of Croatian traditional food consumers about GM food is relatively low, which affects their negative attitudes about consumption of GM food. Rejection of GM food is mostly associated with fear of possible negative impact of such food on human health and the environment. A high percentage of respondents (70 per cent) consider GM foods harmful to human health, resulting in a low acceptability of GM food even if it would be cheaper than food without GMOs. Respondents believe that GM components improve freshness and shelf life of food, but significantly reduce its taste and nutritional value. Research limitations/implications - One limitation of this study is the choice of the sample. Further research would be needed in order to explore attitudes and buying intentions of a representative sample of the entire Croatian population. Practical implications - Research results show that the introduction of GM food in the market would find potential consumers if it would provide some health benefits. Originality/value - This paper gives the first insight into Croatian traditional food consumers' knowledge and concerns regarding GM food.

Cerroni, S. and S. Notaro (2013). "The perception of risk from pesticide residues in apples: an experiment. / La percezione del rischio di residui da antiparassitari nelle mele: un esperimento." Agriregionieuropa 9(34): 54-57.
	The paper evaluates the perceived risk of residues in apples in the population of the province of Trento, Italy. In addition, a behavioural model is estimated to identify the socio-economic and attitudinal factors that affect estimates of subjective risk related to the presence of pesticides in apples. The reference year, 2030, has been identified on the basis of scientific simulations as a potential year of development of new diseases which may moreover induce growers to use new control strategies. The experiment focused on fire blight [Erwinia amylovora] and the presence of pesticide residues in apples. The reference sample consists of 80 individuals aged between 18 and 70 years. In general, the empirical results have shown a high degree of consumer sensitivity to the issue of pesticide residues in foodstuffs, as well as a fear towards the possibility of the introduction of new pesticides and the presence of multiple residues in apples in the near future. Econometric analysis of the variables that influence the perception of risk from residues shows that, while the average consumer is not concerned with respect to a possible increase of residues, the most careful are the members of the consumer associations. Finally, the most sensitive to the issue of food safety are the young people due to their longer life expectancy, and those with a higher education degree.

Chaiyamahapurk, S., et al. (2011). "HIV prevention with positives and disclosure of HIV status: practice and views of Thai healthcare providers." Journal of the Medical Association of Thailand 94(11): 1314-1320.
	Objective: The present study provides information from health care providers about sexual practices of, and preventive and disclosure counseling for People Living with HIV and AIDS (PLWHA). Material and Method: A survey of health care providers attending HIV prevention workshops was undertaken using selfadministered and anonymous questionnaires. Results: Of 678 respondents, 72% were nurses. Ninety-six percent agreed that they had duty to provide prevention services and measures. However, less than half (46%) had enough time for counseling. Asking health providers to estimate different aspects of sexual practice in their patients, the highest chosen band estimation was 'unsafe sex' (21-40%), 'partner disclosure' (41-60%) and 'abstinence' (0-10%). When patients did not disclose their HIV status to partner, most health care providers kept HIV serostatus of patient confidential from their sexual partners. The main reasons for not notifying were patients' rights and fear of adverse effects on patients. Some (9%) did notify the patient's partner directly or indirectly. The main notification reasons were for preventing HIV transmission and recognizing the partner's right to be informed. Seventy percent agreed that a law should require disclosure of HIV status to husband, wife, or intimate partner. Conclusion: Health care providers supported the 'Prevention with Positives' strategy. HIV status disclosure is a continuing ethical dilemma since there are conflicts of principle between confidentiality of patients and right to healthy life of their partner. Improved or new interventions are needed to prevent HIV transmission with consideration of both rights of PLWHA and of HIV risk reduction for sexual partner.

Chamming's, S., et al. (2015). "Medico-social monitoring of pleural mesotheliomas included in the French National Mesothelioma Surveillance Program between 1999 and 2011. / Suivi médicosocial des mésothéliomes pleuraux inclus dans le programme National de Surveillance du Mésothéliome entre 1999 et 2011." Bulletin Épidémiologique Hebdomadaire(3/4): 37-46.
	Aims - This study examines the factors associated with the medical-social care for patients with pleural mesothelioma included in the National Mesothelioma Surveillance Programme (PNSM) in France. Methods - Claims for recognition as occupational disease (OD) and claims for compensation by the Compensation fund for asbestos victims (FIVA) for confirmed cases of mesothelioma were analyzed (n=2,772 subjects in 1999-2011). Chi2, Fisher and Student tests, as well as a model of unconditional logistic regression were used to study the association with different variables (gender, age at diagnosis, socio-professional category, marital status, probability of occupational exposure to asbestos, social protection and place of residence). Results - Among 2,131 subjects studied affiliated to the General National Health Insurance Scheme (GNHIS, 1999-2011), 62% sought recognition as an OD. Factors associated with an OD among men were: the fact of being under 65 years old, worker status, living with a partner, and an identified occupational exposure to asbestos. Among 1,891 subjects identified over 2005-2001, 58% of subjects claimed for FIVA compensation. This proportion varied according to the place of residence and was associated with occupational exposure to asbestos. Among 1,493 subjects affiliated to the GNHIS, (2005-2011), 47% jointly claimed for recognition as an OD and for a FIVA compensation; 13% only claimed for recognition as an OD, 14% for a FIVA compensation, and 26% did not make any claim. Conclusion - These results confirm the importance of strengthening the information available to healthcare professionals managing this type of patients in order to raise awareness of the medical and social issues related to pleural mesothelioma.

Chan, E. Y. Y., et al. (2017). "Injuries caused by pets in Asian urban households: a cross-sectional telephone survey." BMJ Open 7(1): e012813-e012813.
	Objectives: Little is known about pet-related injuries in Asian populations. This study primarily aimed to investigate the incidence rate of pet-related household injuries in Hong Kong, an urban Chinese setting. Setting: Cantonese-speaking non-institutionalised population of all ages in Hong Kong accessible by telephone land-line. Participants: A total of 43 542 telephone numbers were dialled and 6570 residents successfully completed the interviews. Primary and secondary outcome measures: Data of pet-related household injuries in the previous 12 months, pet ownership and socio-demographic characteristics were collected with a questionnaire. Direct standardisation of the incidence rates of pet-related household injuries by gender and age to the 2009 Hong Kong Population Census was estimated. Univariate and multivariate analyses were performed to estimate risks of socio-demographic factors and pet ownership for the injury. Results: A total of 84 participants experienced pet-related household injuries in the past 12 months, with an overall person-based incidence rate of 1.28%. The majority of the victims were injured once (69.6%). Cats (51.6%) were the most common pets involved. Pet owners were at an extremely higher risk after controlling for other factors (adjusted OR: 52.0, 95% CI 22.1 to 98.7). Females, the unmarried, those with higher monthly household income and those living in lower-density housing were more likely to be injured by pets. Conclusions: We project a pet-related household injury incidence rate of 1.24% in the general Hong Kong population, with 86 334 residents sustaining pet-related injuries every year. Pet ownership puts people at extremely high risk, especially the unmarried. Further studies should focus on educating pet owners to reduce pet-related injuries in urban Greater China.

Chan, J. F. (2009). "Where Is the Imbalance?" Journal of School Violence 8(2): 177-190.
	For many researchers, the concept of a power imbalance is central to the understanding of bullying, and its presence in the bully-victim relationship is a prerequisite condition that needs to be fulfilled before bullying is deemed to have taken place. Despite the concept's central importance in many definitions of bullying, the nature of the power imbalance in many types of interpersonal aggression invariably labelled as bullying remains unexplored and unclear, and the concept itself has not received much empirical investigation. One major reason for the absence of experimental data on this important issue in bullying can be attributable to the over-reliance on anonymous questionnaires in the extant bullying literature. From the data collected using a newly developed non-anonymous instrument, Chan (2002) found that in the elementary school sample surveyed, a large percentage of bullying was carried out by one's peers or age-equals, and not by someone outside of one's class. The importance of these findings was examined in the context of the conceptual difficulties ensuing from the power imbalance assumption, as well as the implications for school management (e.g., play-time arrangements) and teacher training. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Journal of School Violence is the property of Taylor & Francis Ltd and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Chan, K.-W. (2013). "An investigation into the CSI effect on the Malaysian population." Australian Journal of Forensic Sciences 45(4): 417-430.
	For more than a lot of decade, a work has been done to examine the Crime Scene Investigation (CSI) effect on jurors and forensic graduates. As a continuing effort, this study employed a self-administered survey to re-examine the CSI effect from a Hong Kong drama series calledForensic Heroes 3on the public. The results obtained from 131 participants imply that the CSI effect received and manifested by 65 viewers could both be constructive (e.g. portraying realities) and destructive (e.g. reinforcing misconceptions). The selected drama series enhanced the viewers’ beliefs toward two categories, namely forensic scientists and the profession, as well as forensic evidence and investigation. It could also have misrepresented several forensic aspects, leading viewers to misconceptions or uncertainties. Despite the negative impact, the forensics-themed program could be used as an educational tool to educate the public since it also disseminates realistic and factual information to the viewers. Finally, the overall study highlights that claims of CSI effects associated with the general belief in forensic science, and 20 question items raised in the questionnaire, were insignificant. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Australian Journal of Forensic Sciences is the property of Taylor & Francis Ltd and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Chang, F., et al. (2016). "Urban-rural differences in parental Internet mediation and adolescents' Internet risks in Taiwan." Health, Risk & Society 18(3/4): 188-204.
	With the development of electronic technology and forms of communication such as the Internet, it has become increasing difficult for parents to identify and mitigate the new risks to which their adolescent children are exposed. In this article, we compare the ways parents and adolescents living in urban areas use the Internet with those of their counterparts who live in rural areas. We based this comparison on data obtained from a survey of Internet use in Taiwan in 2013. The survey included 1079 junior high school students and 688 parents who lived in urban areas and 838 students and 729 parents who lived in rural areas. We found that parents living in rural areas had lower levels of Internet skills and intervened less in their children's use of the Internet when compared with parents living in urban areas. We also found that, compared with their urban counterparts, adolescents who live in rural areas have lower levels of Internet literacy but a higher frequency of Internet use and they also engage in riskier online behaviours such as online game playing, from which they more often report harmful effects such as the theft of passwords or money. Our multivariate analysis of the data showed that increased levels of adolescents' online gaming time and lower levels of parental restrictive mediation were associated with higher levels of harm such as the theft of passwords and money stolen online. We also found that lower levels of adolescents' Internet literacy and lower levels of parental monitoring activity were associated with increases in adolescents' cyberbullying victimisation. Overall, we found a clear difference between rural and urban parents and adolescents with both rural parents and their children being less experienced and knowledgeable of the risks associated with use of the Internet. Rural children are exposed to more risk and experience more harm.

Chang, L., et al. (2017). "The role of sleep problems in the relationship between peer victimization and antisocial behavior: a five-year longitudinal study." Social Science & Medicine 173: 126-133.
	Rationale: Peer victimization in children and adolescents is a serious public health concern. Growing evidence exists for negative consequences of peer victimization, but research has mostly been short term and little is known about the mechanisms that moderate and mediate the impacts of peer victimization on subsequent antisocial behavior. Objective: The current study intended to examine the longitudinal relationship between peer victimization in adolescence and antisocial behavior in young adulthood and to determine whether sleep problems influence this relationship. Methods: In total, 2006 adolescents participated in a prospective study from 2009 to 2013. The moderating role of sleep problems was examined by testing the significance of the interaction between peer victimization and sleep problems. The mediating role of sleep problems was tested by using bootstrapping mediational analyses. All analyses were conducted using SAS 9.3 software. Results We found that peer victimization during adolescence was positively and significantly associated with antisocial behavior in young adulthood (β=0.10, p&lt;0.0001). This association was mediated, but not moderated by sleep problems. Specifically, peer victimization first increased levels of sleep problems, which in turn elevated the risk of antisocial behavior (indirect effect: 0.01, 95% bootstrap confidence interval: 0.004, 0.021). Conclusion: These findings imply that sleep problems may operate as a potential mechanism through which peer victimization during adolescence leads to increases in antisocial behavior in young adulthood. Prevention and intervention programs that target sleep problems may yield benefits for decreasing antisocial behavior in adolescents who have been victimized by peers.

Changalucha, J., et al. (2019). "The need to improve access to rabies post-exposure vaccines: lessons from Tanzania." Vaccine 37(Suppl. 1): A45-A53.
	Background: Rabies is preventable through prompt administration of post-exposure prophylaxis (PEP) to exposed persons, but PEP access is limited in many rabies-endemic countries. We investigated how access to PEP can be improved to better prevent human rabies. Methods: Using data from different settings in Tanzania, including contact tracing (2,367 probable rabies exposures identified) and large-scale mobile phone-based surveillance (24,999 patient records), we estimated the incidence of rabies exposures and bite-injuries, and examined health seeking and health outcomes in relation to PEP access. We used surveys and qualitative interviews with stakeholders within the health system to further characterise PEP supply and triangulate these findings. Results: Incidence of bite-injury patients was related to dog population sizes, with higher incidence in districts with lower human:dog ratios and urban centres. A substantial percentage (25%) of probable rabies exposures did not seek care due to costs and limited appreciation of risk. Upon seeking care a further 15% of probable rabies exposed persons did not obtain PEP due to shortages, cost barriers or misadvice. Of those that initiated PEP, 46% did not complete the course. If no PEP was administered, the risk of developing rabies following a probable rabies exposure was high (0.165), with bites to the head carrying most risk. Decentralized and free PEP increased the probability that patients received PEP and reduced delays in initiating PEP. No major difficulties were encountered by health workers whilst switching to dose-sparing ID administration of PEP. Health infrastructure also includes sufficient cold chain capacity to support improved PEP provision. However, high costs to governments and patients currently limits the supply chain and PEP access. The cost barrier was exacerbated by decentralization of budgets, with priority given to purchase of cheaper medicines for other conditions. Reactive procurement resulted in limited and unresponsive PEP supply, increasing costs and risks to bite victims. Conclusion: PEP access could be improved and rabies deaths reduced through ring-fenced procurement, switching to dose-sparing ID regimens and free provision of PEP.

Chen, L. (2015). "Self-reported frequency and perceived severity of being bullied among elementary school students." Journal of School Health 85(9): 587-594.
	BACKGROUND: This study reports students' perspectives on the frequency and perceived severity of being bullied. METHODS: A sample of 1816 elementary school students completed self-report surveys of perceived severity and frequency of being bullied. A Rasch technique aligned different victimized behaviors on interval logit scales. A 4-fold schema was used to identify the intersection between the perceived severity and frequency of being bullied. RESULTS: There was not a statistically significant correlation between the 2 measures (r=.02). Behaviors that included being hit and kicked, being cursed at, being ostracized, being threatened, being shoved or tripped, having one's friendship ruined, and being spoken ill of in public were perceived as severe and frequent bullying experiences. While boys reported more frequent experiences of being bullied, girls perceived bullying to have greater severity. CONCLUSIONS: Self-reported frequency does not necessarily correspond to the perceived severity of school bullying, a finding with implications for prevention and intervention initiatives designed or carried out by researchers and school psychologists.

Chen, S., et al. (2010). "Survey on condom usage among men who have sex with men." Disease Surveillance 25(1): 25-27.
	Objective: To explore the condom usage and related factors among men who have sex with men (MSM) at sex with different sexual partners. Methods: In-depth interviewing of 43 MSM, recruited from universities, bars, parks, bathing rooms and clubs with commercial sex. Results: (1) Nearly half of MSM knew their sexual partners' status regarding HIV infection, but they still used condom because of disbelieving. (2) Most MSM used condom at commercial sex, but the use of drug and alcohol before commercial sex or attitude to HIV infection would influence the use of condom. (3) Condom use would be influenced if non-regular sex partners looked attractive. (4) Most of them believed there was no need to use condom at sex with females. (5) The reason for condom use was the fear of HIV infection and the reason for no condom use was the thought that it would influence the pleasant feeling of sex. Conclusion: The usage of condom and the influence factors among MSM varied for different sexual partners, so targeted prevention measures should be conducted.

Chen, X., et al. (2019). "Clinical and epidemiologic profile of venomous snakebites in Chongqing Wuling mountainous area, western China." Transactions of the Royal Society of Tropical Medicine and Hygiene 113(10): 587-589.
	Background: In China, venomous snakebites are an important medical emergency and cause of hospital admission, but few studies have looked at the clinical and epidemiologic profile of human snakebite victims. Methods: We conducted a retrospective study of 440 snakebite cases encountered at a single hospital in the Chongqing Wuling mountainous area of western China from July 2004 to August 2018. Data were collected from the electronic medical record system. Results: The majority of bite victims were male (58.4%), 41-60 y of age (37.9%) and the bites occurred during the daytime (51.1%) in July-September (62.5%). The lower limbs were the most vulnerable sites to snakebites (73.9%). The most common local toxicity consisted of pain (86.1%), oedema (78.4%) and bleeding (35.9%). Of the systemic toxicities, haematuria (14.3%) and ophthalmoplegia (9.5%) were common. The majority (86.4%) of individuals presented to the hospital within 6 h. Conclusions: This study describes the clinical and epidemiologic profile of venomous snakebites in the Chongqing Wuling mountainous area of western China. Multicentre prospective studies were needed in the entire country of China.

Cheung, J. T. K., et al. (2019). "Abuse and depression among Filipino foreign domestic helpers. A cross-sectional survey in Hong Kong." Public Health 166: 121-127.
	Objectives: The objectives of this study are to (1) explore physical and verbal abuse experience, perpetrators of abuse and abuse reporting behaviours of Filipino foreign domestic helpers in Hong Kong and (2) examine associations between their abuse experience and depression level. Study design: A cross-sectional survey Methods: We purposively sampled participants at the Statue Square of Hong Kong on three Sunday afternoons between June and August 2017. Using a self-administered questionnaire, measures include sociodemographic and housing environment variables, physical and verbal abuse experience and depression level measured using the Depression Subscale of Depression Anxiety Stress Scale 21 (DASS-21-D). Multiple linear regression was performed to identify factors associated with the DASS-21-D score. Results: The response rate was 86.1% and 105 participants completed the questionnaire. Overall, 20.5% and 34.4% had experienced physical and verbal abuse, respectively, in the past 12 months. Majority of perpetrators were female employers and children. Meanwhile, 16.7% of the abuse victims did not report their cases. Among those who reported, only a few (19.4%) reported their cases to formal organizations (agency and police). Factors significantly associated with the DASS-21-D score include physical abuse (unstandardized beta coefficient [B]=1.68, 95% confidence interval [95% CI]=0.12-3.34), verbal abuse (B=1.58, 95% CI=0.16-3.00), non-disclosure of physical abuse experience (B=5.68, 95% CI=0.18-11.18) and living space satisfaction (B=-1.50, 95% CI=-2.12 to -0.88). Conclusions: Physical and verbal abuse among foreign domestic workers in Hong Kong were underreported to formal organizations and were associated with depression. Legislative enforcement of a comprehensive abuse reporting mechanism and mental health service should be considered.

Chew, K., et al. (2015). "Knowledge, attitude and practice among healthcare staffs in the emergency department, Hospital Universiti Sains Malaysia towards rape victims in One Stop Crisis Centre (OSCC)." Medical Journal of Malaysia 70(3): 162-168.
	Introduction: Aimed at providing integrated multi-level crisis intervention to women experiencing violence such as rape, One Stop Crisis Centre (OSCC) in Malaysia is often located in the emergency department. Hence, it is imperative that emergency department healthcare providers possess adequate knowledge and acceptable attitudes and practices to ensure the smooth running of an efficient OSCC work process. Method: To study the knowledge, attitude and practice of rape management in OSCC among four groups of healthcare providers in the emergency department [i.e., the emergency medicine doctors (EDs), the staff nurses (SNs), the medical assistants (MAs) and the hospital attendants (HAs)], a selfadministered questionnaire in the form of Likert scale was conducted from January to October 2013. Correct or favourable responses were scored appropriately. Results: Out of the 159 participants invited, 110 responded (69.2% response rate). As all data sets in the Knowledge, Attitude and Practice sections are non-parametric, Kruskal-Wallis test was performed. Homogeneity of variance was verified using non-parametric Levene test. In all three sections, there are statistically significant differences in scores obtained among the four groups of healthcare providers with H(3)=16.0, p&lt;0.001 for Knowledge, H(3)=27.1, p&lt;0.001 for Attitude and H(3)=15.8, p&lt;0.001 for Practice sections. Generally, the SNs obtained the highest mean rank score in the knowledge and practice sections but the EDs obtained the highest mean rank score in the attitude section. Some of the responses implied that our healthcare providers have the victim-blaming tendency that can negatively impact the victims. Conclusion: Healthcare providers must not only have adequate knowledge but also the non-judgemental attitude towards victims in OSCC.

Chiesa, A. E., et al. (2018). "Intimate partner violence victimization and parenting: A systematic review." Child Abuse & Neglect 80: 285-300.
	Early studies examining parenting in the setting of intimate partner violence (IPV) often focus on abuse by the IPV perpetrator or effects of long term exposure. This review addresses how intimate partner violence impacts victim parenting. Seven databases were searched for the time period 1970–2015. Included were comparative studies involving children 11 years or younger. Quality ranking was based on: confirmation of victim status, consideration of co-perpetration, heterogeneity of the population, and standardization of measurements. Of 13,038 studies reviewed, 33 included studies showed that victimization is associated with negative parenting practices. Based on data presented within individual studies, 21 studies were eligible for meta-analysis which demonstrated modest effect sizes with high levels of heterogeneity. There was a negative correlation between IPV and positive parenting (r = -0.08; 95% CI: −.12, − .04); positive correlation between IPV and physical aggression (r = .17; 95% CI: .11, .23) and neglect (r = .12; 95% CI: .01, .23); and a trend toward positive correlation between IPV and psychological aggression (r = .23; 95% CI: −.94, .47). A synthesis of studies unsuitable for meta-analysis reinforced these findings. The review demonstrated ongoing methodological issues with extant literature. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Child Abuse & Neglect is the property of Pergamon Press - An Imprint of Elsevier Science and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Chinaru, N. L. (2011). "Prevalence of Cryptosporidium species in some domestic animals in Umuagwo, Imo State, Nigeria." Nigerian Veterinary Journal 32(2): 148-150.
	Of the zoonotic diseases that threaten the health of animals and man and impinge on his economy is cryptosporidiosis of global occurrence (Scott et al., 1995; Ohaeri and Iwu, 2003). Cryptosporidiosis is a disease caused by small coccidian parasites that belong to the genus Cryptosporidium and inhabit the micro villous region of epithelial cells of both the respiratory and gastro-intestinal tract of vertebrates (Current and Snyder, 1988). It is characterized clinically by diarrhoea, even though the magnitude/severity varies. Unfortunately, there is no specific therapy for this disease and when the respiratory tract is implicated, different clinical symptoms such as air-sacculitis, conjunctivitis, coughing, nasal discharge and pneumonia may be produced in the affected vertebrates and mortality can occur (Current, 1997). Comparatively, the disease is more common in young animals because animals can develop immunity after a single infection (Tzipori, 1985; Radostits et al., 1994). Although animals with strong immune system are not so vulnerable to an attack of the disease, the life of immune-deficient hosts is seriously threatened (Current, 1997). Incidentally, cryptosporidiosis is a zoonosis and capable of causing severe clinical disease in immunologically compromised humans such as AIDS patients (Kelly 1998; Lule, 1998; Ohaeri and Iwu, 2003). In addition, it has been reported that Cryptosporidia pathogens even act with other enteropathogens in a concerted manner to produce intestinal damage and diarrhoea in the victims (Angus, 1990). Recently, cryptosporidiosis has increasingly become of importance globally, especially in HIV/AIDS where it is associated with more chronic symptomatology. However, there is no report of its importance in domestic animals in the study area. Accordingly, this work sought to establish the prevalence and distribution of the parasite in some domestic animals in the area. Establishing the prevalence of a disease in an area in order to gather baseline information for its control is scientifically necessary.

Chiringa, I. O., et al. (2016). "Factors contributing to the low uptake of medical male circumcision in Mutare rural district, Zimbabwe." African Journal of Primary Health Care and Family Medicine 8(2): 966-966.
	Background: Medical male circumcision (MMC) has become a significant dimension of HIV prevention interventions, after the results of three randomised controlled trials in Uganda, South Africa and Kenya demonstrated that circumcision has a protective effect against contracting HIV of up to 60%. Following recommendations by the World Health Organization, Zimbabwe in 2009 adopted voluntary MMC as an additional HIV prevention strategy to the existing ABC behaviour change model. Purpose: The purpose of this study is thus to investigate the factors contributing to the low uptake of MMC. Methods: The study was a quantitative cross-sectional survey conducted in Mutare rural district, Zimbabwe. Questionnaires with open- and closed-ended questions were administered to the eligible respondents. The target population were male participants aged 15-29 who met the inclusion criteria. The households were systematically selected with a sample size of 234. Statistical Package for the Social Sciences was used to analyse the data. Results: Socioculturally, circumcised men are viewed as worthless (37%), shameful (30%) and are tainted as promiscuous (20%), psychological factors reported were infection and delayed healing (39%), being ashamed and dehumanised (58%), stigmatised and discriminated (40.2%) and fear of having an erection during treatment period (89.7%) whilst socio-economic factors were not having time, as it will take their time from work (58%) and complications may arise leading to spending money on treatment (84%). Conclusion: Knowledge deficits regarding male medical circumcision lead to low uptake, education on male medical circumcision and its benefits. Comprehensive sexual health education should target men and dispel negative attitudes related to the use of health services.

Chiswick, B. R. and N. Larsen (2015). "Russian Jewish Immigrants in the United States." Contemporary Jewry 35(3): 191-209.
	This paper is concerned with the determinants of the English language proficiencies and labor market earnings of adult Russian Jewish male and female immigrants to the United States, compared to other immigrants, using the pooled files of the American Community Survey (2005-09). Although at arrival the Russian Jewish immigrants report lower levels of English skills and earnings, they experience a more rapid improvement over time, and eventually attain parity or higher levels than other immigrants. Moreover, they appear to obtain greater earnings (compared to other immigrants) in the US labor market from their schooling, their time in the United States, and their English proficiency. These findings mirror those found in earlier post-war data (1980-2000 Census) and, to the extent comparable, late 19th and early 20th century studies of Russian Jewish immigrants. An earlier version of this paper was presented at the Conference on Contemporary Russian-Speaking Jewish Diaspora, Harvard University, November 13-15, 2011.

Cho, T., et al. (2017). "Development of an effective tool for risk communication about food safety issues after the Fukushima nuclear accident: what should be considered?" Food Control 79: 17-26.
	Although the Fukushima nuclear accident (FNA) in 2011 led to strong public anxiety about radioactive contamination of foods, the most appropriate way to communicate this risk has been poorly researched. We sought to design, develop, evaluate, and optimize an effective risk communication (RC) tool for food consumers after the FNA. To design this tool, a classical systematic qualitative research framework that consisted of formative evaluation, development of a pilot RC tool, and outcome evaluation was applied. The formative evaluation consisted of focus group interview (FGI) with food consumers: its aim was to identify the major risk messages. Due to the low knowledge base of the food consumers and the absence of a credible existing information source, a pilot RC tool was developed. An educational book was selected as the most effective RC vehicle. The FGI results were reflected in the content of the book, which was presented in a 'frequently asked questions and answers' format. To ensure ready comprehensibility of the book, the scientific words were paraphrased and visual aids were employed. To ensure credibility of the RC, evidence supporting its statements was provided and it was made clear that the RC was a collaborative message from multiple risk communicators (consumer organizations, government bodies, and academia). Outcome evaluation with a consumer survey showed that the RC tool effectively increased the knowledge base of food consumers and relieved their anxieties. This study suggests that in the event of another nuclear accident, food safety RCs should meet the following key requirements: (1) the RC should send a clear message that reassures food consumers that the fatal risk is well controlled, which will reduce public fear and outrage; (2) the RC should improve the knowledge base of food consumers about food safety by providing appropriate education; and (3) the RC should be produced via multi-institutional cooperation so that the credibility of risk communicators is rebuilt. Our results may help the planning of an effective radiological RC strategy for food consumers, thereby preventing misunderstandings and relieving food consumers of unnecessarily severe anxiety.

Cho, Y., et al. (2018). "Path analysis of warning label effects on negative emotions and quit attempts: a longitudinal study of smokers in Australia, Canada, Mexico, and the US." Social Science & Medicine 197: 226-234.
	Background: Cigarette pack health warning labels can elicit negative emotions among smokers, yet little is known about how these negative emotions influence behavior change. Objective: Guided by psychological theories emphasizing the role of emotions on risk concern and behavior change, we investigated whether smokers who reported stronger negative emotional responses when viewing warnings reported stronger responses to warnings in daily life and were more likely to try to quit at follow-up. Methods: We analyzed data from 5439 adult smokers from Australia, Canada, Mexico, and the US, who were surveyed every four months from September 2012 to September 2014. Participants were shown warnings already implemented on packs in their country and reported negative emotional responses (i.e., fear, disgust, worry), which were averaged (range=1 to 9). Country-stratified logistic and linear generalized estimating equations were used to analyze the effect of negative emotional responses on self-reported responses to warnings in daily life (i.e., attention, risk concern, avoidance of warnings, forgoing planned cigarettes) and quit attempts at follow-up. Models were adjusted for socio-demographic and smoking-related characteristics, survey wave, and the number of prior surveys answered. Results: Smokers who reported stronger negative emotions were more likely to make quit attempts at follow-up (Adjusted ORs ranged from 1.09 [95% CI 1.04 to 1.14] to 1.17 [95% CI 1.12 to 1.23]; p&lt;.001) than those who reported lower negative emotions. This relationship was mediated through attention to warnings and behavioral responses to warnings. There was no significant interaction of negative emotions with self-efficacy or nicotine dependence. Conclusion: Negative emotions elicited by warnings encourage behavior change, promoting attention to warnings and behavioral responses that positively predict quit attempts.

Chojnicka, I., et al. (2014). "Inverse association between obesity predisposing FTO genotype and completed suicide." PLoS ONE 9(9): e108900-e108900.
	The A allele of rs9939609 in the FTO gene predisposes to increased body mass index (BMI) and obesity. Recently we showed an inverse association between the obesity related A allele of rs9939609 and alcohol dependence which was replicated by others. Since this finding raises a possibility that FTO may be associated with other psychiatric phenotypes, we aimed to examine association of rs9939609 with completed suicide. We genotyped rs9939609 in 912 suicide victims and 733 controls using TaqMan approach. We observed an inverse association between suicide and the rs9939609 A allele (OR=0.80, P=0.002, Pcor=0.006) with genotype distribution suggesting a co-dominant effect. Given the link between alcoholism and suicide under influence of alcohol reported in Polish population, confounding by alcohol addiction was unlikely due to apparently similar effect size among cases who were under influence of ethanol at the time of death (OR=0.76, P=0.003, N=361) and those who were not (OR=0.80, P=0.007, N=469). The search for genotype-phenotype correlations did not show significant results. In conclusion, our study proves that there is an inverse association between rs9939609 polymorphism in FTO gene and completed suicide which is independent from association between FTO and alcohol addiction.

Chon, D. (2014). "Police Reporting by Sexual Assault Victims in Western and in Non-Western Countries." Journal of Family Violence 29(8): 859-868.
	The current research had the primary goal of investigating the difference in police reporting patterns by sexual assault victims in Western and in non-Western countries. The data for the present study were obtained from the International Crime Victimization Survey. The present work found a significant difference in police reporting behavior by sexual assault victims in Western and in non-Western countries. Gender, urban residency, and the number of offenders were important factors for victims in non-Western countries, but not for those in Western countries. On the other hand, a victim's prior relationship with his or her offender and family income level were significantly related to police reports in Western countries, but not in non-Western countries. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Journal of Family Violence is the property of Springer Nature and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Chon, D. S. and M. Wilson (2016). "Perceived Risk of Burglary and Fear of Crime: Individual- and Country-Level Mixed Modeling." International Journal of Offender Therapy & Comparative Criminology 60(3): 308-325.
	Given the scarcity of prior studies, the current research introduced country-level variables, along with individual-level ones, to test how they are related to an individual's perceived risk of burglary (PRB) and fear of crime (FC), separately, by using mixed-level logistic regression analyses. The analyses of 104,218 individuals, residing in 50 countries, showed that country-level poverty was positively associated with FC only. However, individual-level variables, such as prior property crime victimization and female gender, had consistently positive relationships with both PRB and FC. However, age group and socioeconomic status were inconsistent between those two models, suggesting that PRB and FC are two different concepts. Finally, no significant difference in the pattern of PRB and FC was found between a highly developed group of countries and a less developed one. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of International Journal of Offender Therapy & Comparative Criminology is the property of Sage Publications Inc. and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Chor, J. S. Y., et al. (2009). "Willingness of Hong Kong healthcare workers to accept pre-pandemic influenza vaccination at different WHO alert levels: two questionnaire surveys." BMJ 339(b3391): (25 August 2009)-(2025 August 2009).
	Objective - To assess the acceptability of pre-pandemic influenza vaccination among healthcare workers in public hospitals in Hong Kong and the effect of escalation in the World Health Organization's alert level for an influenza pandemic. Design - Repeated cross sectional studies using self administered, anonymous questionnaires Setting - Surveys at 31 hospital departments of internal medicine, paediatrics, and emergency medicine under the Hong Kong Hospital Authority from January to March 2009 and in May 2009 Participants - 2255 healthcare workers completed the questionnaires in the two studies. They were doctors, nurses, or allied health professionals working in the public hospital system. Main outcome measures - Stated willingness to accept pre-pandemic influenza vaccination (influenza A subtypes H5N1 or H1N1) and its associating factors. Results - The overall willingness to accept pre-pandemic H5N1 vaccine was only 28.4% in the first survey, conducted at WHO influenza pandemic alert phase 3. No significant changes in the level of willingness to accept pre-pandemic H5N1 vaccine were observed despite the escalation to alert phase 5. The willingness to accept pre-pandemic H1N1 vaccine was 47.9% among healthcare workers when the WHO alert level was at phase 5. The most common reasons for an intention to accept were "wish to be protected" and "following health authority's advice." The major barriers identified were fear of side effects and doubts about efficacy. More than half of the respondents thought nurses should be the first priority group to receive the vaccines. The strongest positive associating factors were history of seasonal influenza vaccination and perceived risk of contracting the infection. Conclusions - The willingness to accept pre-pandemic influenza vaccination was low, and no significant effect was observed with the change in WHO alert level. Further studies are required to elucidate the root cause of the low intention to accept pre-pandemic vaccination.

Christian, H., et al. (2017). "A longitudinal analysis of the influence of the neighborhood environment on recreational walking within the neighborhood: results from RESIDE." Environmental Health Perspectives 125(7): EHP823-EHP823.
	Background: There is limited longitudinal evidence confirming the role of neighborhood environment attributes in encouraging people to walk more or if active people simply choose to live in activity-friendly neighborhoods. Natural experiments of policy changes to create more walkable communities provide stronger evidence for a causal effect of neighborhood environments on residents' walking. Objectives: We aimed to investigate longitudinal associations between objective and perceived neighborhood environment measures and neighborhood recreational walking. Methods: We analyzed longitudinal data collected over 8 yr (four surveys) from the RESIDential Environments (RESIDE) Study (Perth, Australia, 2003-2012). At each time point, participants reported the frequency and total minutes of recreational walking/week within their neighborhood and neighborhood environment perceptions. Objective measures of the neighborhood environment were generated using a Geographic Information System (GIS). Results: Local recreational walking was influenced by objectively measured access to a medium-/large-size park, beach access, and higher street connectivity, which was reduced when adjusted for neighborhood perceptions. In adjusted models, positive perceptions of access to a park and beach, higher street connectivity, neighborhood esthetics, and safety from crime were independent determinants of increased neighborhood recreational walking. Local recreational walking increased by 9 min/wk (12% increase in frequency) for each additional perceived neighborhood attribute present. Conclusions: Our findings provide urban planners and policy makers with stronger causal evidence of the positive impact of well-connected neighborhoods and access to local parks of varying sizes on local residents' recreational walking and health.

Clark, K. and J. Rydberg (2016). "The effect of institutional educational programming on prisoner misconduct." Criminal Justice Studies 29(4): 325-344.
	Relative to studies of recidivism, past research on prison educational programming has largely neglected to examine the relationship, if any, between participation in these programs and institutional misconduct. Using data from the National Survey of Inmates in State and Federal Correctional Facilities (N = 6957), we assess the relationship between participation in prison educational programming and instances of prisoner misconduct, considering the types and completion of such programs. Utilizing a recently developed propensity score weighting procedure to adjust for selection into programming, our findings indicate that, contrary to research on educational participation and recidivism, those involved in prison educational programming are more likely to commit misconduct infractions than those who are not involved in these programs. Practical implications and directions for future research are explored. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Criminal Justice Studies is the property of Routledge and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Cleere, C. and S. J. Lynn (2013). "Acknowledged Versus Unacknowledged Sexual Assault Among College Women." Journal of interpersonal violence 28(12): 2593-2611.
	Research suggests that many sexually victimized women do not acknowledge their unwanted sexual experiences as assaults. The majority of the research on this topic has focused on rape acknowledgment; however, this pattern holds true for other forms of sexual assault as well. The present study examined differences among university women with acknowledged, unacknowledged, and no histories of sexual assault. Relevant groups were compared in terms of current psychological distress, the situational factors of the assault, and the labeling of the assault. Similar to studies examining only rape, acknowledged victims of sexual assault reported clearer refusal, the experience of a more forceful assault, and more intense resistance against the perpetrator. Unacknowledged victims were more likely to endorse a prior romantic relationship with their assailant and a more recent assault. The great majority of women who endorsed an unwanted sexual experience also reported they were intoxicated at the time. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Journal of Interpersonal Violence is the property of Sage Publications Inc. and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Cluver, L., et al. (2015). "Child and adolescent suicide attempts, suicidal behavior, and adverse childhood experiences in South Africa: a prospective study." Journal of Adolescent Health 57(1): 52-59.
	Purpose This is the first known prospective study of child suicidal behavior in sub-Saharan Africa. Aims were to determine whether (1) cumulative exposure to adverse childhood experiences (ACEs) predicts later suicidality and (2) heightened risks are mediated by mental health disorder and drug/alcohol misuse. Methods: Longitudinal repeated interviews were conducted 1 year apart (97% retention) with 3,515 adolescents aged 10-18 years in South Africa (56% female; &lt;2.5% refusal). Random selection of census enumeration areas from urban/rural sites within two provinces and door-to-door sampling included all homes with a resident adolescent. Measures included past-month suicide attempts, planning, and ideation, mental health disorders, drug/alcohol use, and ACE, for example, parental death by AIDS or homicide, abuse, and exposure to community violence. Analyses included multivariate logistic regression and multiple mediation tests. Results: Past-month suicidality rates were 3.2% of adolescents attempting, 5.8% planning, and 7.2% reporting ideation. After controlling for baseline suicidality and sociodemographics, a strong, graded relationship was shown between cumulative ACE and all suicide behaviors 1 year later. Baseline mental health, but not drug/alcohol misuse, mediated relationships between ACE and subsequent suicidality. Suicide attempts rose from 1.9% among adolescents with no ACE to 6.3% among adolescents with &gt;5 ACEs (cumulative odds ratio [OR], 2.46; confidence interval [CI], 1.00-6.05); for suicide planning, from 2.4% to 12.5% (cumulative OR, 4.40; CI, 2.08-9.29); and for suicide ideation, from 4.2% to 15.6% (cumulative OR, 2.99; CI, 1.68-5.53). Conclusions: Preventing and mitigating childhood adversities have the potential to reduce suicidality. Among adolescents already exposed to adversities, effective mental health services may buffer against future suicidality.

Coghlan, A. (2012). "An autoethnographic account of a cycling charity challenge event: exploring manifest and latent aspects of the experience." Journal of Sport & Tourism 17(2): 105-124.
	Charity challenges are an increasingly popular form of alternative tourism, drawing upon charity events, sports and tourism. This study adopts a thematic/analytic autoethnographic approach to explore some of the themes present in the author's experience of a 3-day cycling charity challenge event in Queensland, Australia. The aim of the research was specifically to draw forth both the manifest and latent aspects of the experience using diary entries recorded during the event. Using an emic, inductive approach, eight manifest themes that could be analysed with respect to the broader literature on tourism, sports and charity events were identified. An additional two latent themes that had not been examined previously within this context also appeared in the analysis. The first was the notion of creative expression as a result of fundraising for the event, and the second was related to overcoming a fear of cycling in traffic. The findings raise questions about how we might understand the unspoken facets of the tourism experience as topics such as fear and anxiety are not easy to discuss with external researchers or to capture in their entirety through more prescriptive research methods, such as surveys and structured or semi-structured interviews. This paper provides insights into one event that occurs at the boundaries of cycling tourism, sports and charity events whilst advocating for an understanding of the nuances that permeate participants' experiences of such events. Failure to recognise and acknowledge these nuances may lead to misleading managerial suggestions, poor policy design and unsuccessful new initiatives.

Coid, J., et al. (2017). "A cross-national comparison of violence among young men in China and the UK: psychiatric and cultural explanations." Social psychiatry and psychiatric epidemiology 52(10): 1267-1279.
	Purpose: Public health psychiatry has a key role in violence prevention. Cross-national comparisons of violence and associated psychiatric morbidity can indicate targets for preventive interventions. Method: Data on young adult men in households, 18-34 years, were drawn from the Second Men's Modern Lifestyles survey in Great Britain (n=2046) and from a corresponding survey in Chengdu, China (n=4132), using a translated questionnaire. Binary logistic regression models were carried out to estimate the cross-national differences for different types of violence and to identify explanatory variables. Results: Chinese men were less likely to report violence in the past 5 years (AOR 0.59, 95% CI 0.48-0.72, P &lt; 0.001). All levels of violence were lower among Chinese men except intimate partner violence (AOR 2.43, 95% CI 1.65-3.59, P &lt; 0.001) and a higher proportion of Chinese men were only violent towards their partners (AOR 7.90, 95% CI 3.27-19.07, P &lt; 0.001). Conclusions: Cross-national differences were explained by British men's reports of early violence persisting into adulthood, confidence in fighting ability, perception that violence is acceptable behaviour, and experience of violent victimization. More British men screened positive for antisocial personality disorder and substance misuse. Attitudes which condone violence and a serious problem of alcohol-related, male-on-male violence are key targets for preventive interventions among British men. The higher prevalence of life course-persistent antisocial behaviour among British men is of concern and requires further investigation. Higher prevalence of intimate partner violence among Chinese men reflects patriarchal approaches to conflict resolution and confirms an important public health problem in China which requires further cross-national investigation.

Coker, A. L., et al. (2017). "RCT testing bystander effectiveness to reduce violence." American Journal of Preventive Medicine 52(5): 566-578.
	Introduction: Bystander-based programs have shown promise to reduce interpersonal violence at colleges, yet limited rigorous evaluations have addressed bystander intervention effectiveness in high schools. This study evaluated the Green Dot bystander intervention to reduce sexual violence and related forms of interpersonal violence in 26 high schools over 5 years. Design A cluster RCT was conducted. Setting/participants Kentucky high schools were randomized to intervention or control (wait list) conditions. Intervention Green Dot - trained educators conducted schoolwide presentations and recruited student popular opinion leaders to receive bystander training in intervention schools beginning in Year 1. Main outcome measures The primary outcome was sexual violence perpetration, and related forms of interpersonal violence victimization and perpetration were also measured using anonymous student surveys collected at baseline and annually from 2010 to 2014. Because the school was the unit of analysis, violence measures were aggregated by school and year and school-level counts were provided. Results: A total of 89,707 students completed surveys. The primary, as randomized, analyses conducted in 2014-2016 included linear mixed models and generalized estimating equations to examine the condition - time interaction on violence outcomes. Slopes of school-level totals of sexual violence perpetration (condition - time, p&lt;0.001) and victimization (condition - time, p&lt;0.001) were different over time. During Years 3-4, when Green Dot was fully implemented, the mean number of sexual violent events prevented by the intervention was 120 in Intervention Year 3 and 88 in Year 4. For Year 3, prevalence rate ratios for sexual violence perpetration in the intervention relative to control schools were 0.83 (95% CI=0.70, 0.99) in Year 3 and 0.79 (95% CI=0.67, 0.94) in Year 4. Similar patterns were observed for sexual violence victimization, sexual harassment, stalking, and dating violence perpetration and victimization. Conclusions: Implementation of Green Dot in Kentucky high schools significantly decreased not only sexual violence perpetration but also other forms of interpersonal violence perpetration and victimization.

Coker, A. L., et al. (2016). "Multi-college bystander intervention evaluation for violence prevention." American Journal of Preventive Medicine 50(3): 295-302.
	Introduction: The 2013 Campus Sexual Violence Elimination Act requires U.S. colleges to provide bystander-based training to reduce sexual violence, but little is known about the efficacy of such programs for preventing violent behavior. This study provides the first multiyear evaluation of a bystander intervention's campus-level impact on reducing interpersonal violence victimization and perpetration behavior on college campuses. Methods: First-year students attending three similarly sized public university campuses were randomly selected and invited to complete online surveys in the spring terms of 2010-2013. On one campus, the Green Dot bystander intervention was implemented in 2008 (Intervention, n=2,979) and two comparison campuses had no bystander programming at baseline (Comparison, n=4,132). Data analyses conducted in 2014-2015 compared violence rates by condition over the four survey periods. Multivariable logistic regression was used to estimate violence risk on Intervention relative to Comparison campuses, adjusting for demographic factors and time (2010-2013). Results: Interpersonal violence victimization rates (measured in the past academic year) were 17% lower among students attending the Intervention (46.4%) relative to Comparison (55.7%) campuses (adjusted rate ratio=0.83; 95% CI=0.79, 0.88); a similar pattern held for interpersonal violence perpetration (25.5% in Intervention; 32.2% in Comparison; adjusted rate ratio=0.79; 95% CI=0.71, 0.86). Violence rates were lower on Intervention versus Comparison campuses for unwanted sexual victimization, sexual harassment, stalking, and psychological dating violence victimization and perpetration (p&lt;0.01). Conclusions: Green Dot may be an efficacious intervention to reduce violence at the community level and meet Campus Sexual Violence Elimination Act bystander training requirements.

Comsa, M. and A. Gheorghita (2016). "‘Many’, ‘Half’ or ‘One out of Two’? Assessing the Effectiveness of Counter-Biasing Techniques in Reducing Self-Reported Turnout." Revista de Cercetare si Interventie Sociala 55: 80-97.
	When asked in surveys about their voting record, many respondents tend to report having gone to the polls, although they have not. The consequence is a large and significant turnout overreporting, with negative consequences upon the validity of many investigations in the field of voting behaviour. An individual’s tendency to exaggerate his/her voting record is usually the combined effect of several factors: social desirability bias, limitations of human memory, and acquiescence response bias. This article assesses the effectiveness of counter-biasing techniques in compensating for the social desirability bias and, consequently, reducing self-reported turnout. It compares the effects of three alternatives of ‘loaded’ turnout questions, providing variable information on the occurrence of non-voting behaviour (many people/around half of the people/one out of two people did not vote) and invariant face-saving response options. Self-reported turnout is compared against externally validated turnout. We employ a split-ballot survey experiment included in the 2009 Romanian Presidential Election panel study. Our analyses show that the ‘half’ counter-biasing formula is systematically more effective in reducing the social desirability bias than the alternatives, which perform rather similarly. When compared to validated turnout, it appears that, after applying the counter-biasing techniques, turnout overreporting due to social desirability remains at 5.7 to 8.6 percent.

Cook, P. J. (2018). "Gun theft and crime." Journal of Urban Health: Bulletin of the New York Academy of Medicine 95(3): 305-312.
	Some law enforcement officials and other observers have asserted that theft is the primary source of guns to crime. In fact, the role of theft in supplying the guns used in robbery, assault, and murder is unknown, and current evidence provides little guidance about whether an effective program to reduce gun theft would reduce gun violence. The current article analyzes publicly available national data on gun theft together with a unique data set for Chicago. The results tend to support a conclusion that stolen guns play only a minor role in crime. First, publicly available data are used to calculate that thefts are only about 1% of all gun transactions nationwide. Second, an analysis of original data from Chicago demonstrates that less than 3% of crime guns recovered by the police have been reported stolen to the Chicago Police Department (CPD). If a gun is reported stolen, there is a 20% chance that it will be recovered, usually in conjunction with an arrest for illegal carrying. Less than half of those picked up with a stolen gun have a criminal record that includes violent offenses. Third, results from surveys of convicted criminals, both nationally and in Chicago, suggest that it is rare for respondents to have stolen the gun used in their most recent crime. The data on which these results are based have various shortcomings. A research agenda is proposed that would provide more certainty about the role of theft.

Cops, D., et al. (2016). "School vs. mail surveys: Disentangling selection and measurement effects in self-reported juvenile delinquency." European Journal of Criminology 13(1): 92-110.
	Knowledge on both the prevalence of and the risk factors for juvenile delinquency rely almost exclusively on data generated by self-report research. However, several errors can occur during the process of data gathering, all of which may have an impact on the validity and reliability of the results. This has become more apparent as self-report data on (juvenile) delinquency are increasingly being used to assess the prevalence of delinquency in society. In this article we try to determine how different administration modes may result in different results with regard to the prevalence of juvenile delinquency being reported as well as the predictors of delinquent behaviour. In order to decide whether these differences can be seen as mode effects, the possible influence of selection effects – or differences in the sample population – must be controlled for. For this aim, the technique of case-control matching is used to match the samples of a mail survey and a school survey, both administered on a representative sample of Flemish youth attending secondary education. Using the technique of case-control matching, we aim to control for differences in non-response error, in order to disentangle non-response effects from effects related to administration mode. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of European Journal of Criminology is the property of Sage Publications, Ltd. and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Cordella, P., et al. (2009). "Eating disorders inventory scores among mothers of adolescents with and without eating disorders. / Las madres de adolescentes y jóvenes chilenos con trastornos alimentarios." Revista Médica de Chile 137(6): 785-790.
	Background: Parents have a control role in the development and treatment of eating disorders among teenagers. Aim: To compare attitudes, beliefs and behaviors between mothers of patients with eating disorders and mothers of teenagers without these disorders. Material and methods: Twenty one mother-sibling pairs of adolescents with eating disorders and 15 pairs of adolescents without this condition, but of similar age, were studied. The eating disorders inventory (EDI-2), a self administered questionnaire that includes 91 items, was applied. Results: No differences in any of the subscales of EDI-2 were observed between mothers of teenagers with or without eating disorders. No differences in perfectionism, maturity fears, impulsivity and interpersonal distrust were observed between adolescents with and without eating disorders. The latter had a lesser drive for thinness and inefficacy. Conclusions: In this sample, no differences in behaviors, attitudes and beliefs about food, were observed between mothers of adolescents with and without eating disorders.

Cornell, D. G., et al. (2014). "Invalid survey response patterns among middle school students." Psychological Assessment 26(1): 277-287.
	Student surveys are widely used to assess student risk behavior, bullying, and school climate in middle schools; however, because such surveys are usually conducted on an anonymous basis, little is known about the validity of student reports using external, independent criteria. This longitudinal study examined the response patterns of 382 middle school students who completed confidential (not anonymous) self-report surveys each fall and spring for 3 years of middle school (Grades 6–8). Approximately 10% of students in each wave indicated on validity screening questions that they were either not telling the truth or not paying attention (termed invalid responders). A repeated measures latent class analysis found that students could be classified into a large group (64%) that was never flagged by the validity questions and a smaller group (36%) that occasionally reported not telling the truth or not paying attention. Hierarchical linear modeling analyses found that invalid responding to validity questions was associated with higher self-reported rates of risk behavior and more negative perceptions of school climate. Based on independent criteria from school records, invalid responding students were more likely to be referred for disciplinary infractions than other students. This study provides new information about student survey validity and appears to be the first to identify characteristics of students who generate invalid response patterns. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)

Corsaro, N. and R. K. Brunson (2013). "Are suppression and deterrence mechanisms enough? Examining the “pulling levers” drug market intervention strategy in Peoria, Illinois, USA." International Journal of Drug Policy 24(2): 115-121.
	Abstract: Background: Police agencies across the globe enforce laws that prohibit drug transportation, distribution, and use with varying degrees of effectiveness. Within the United States, law enforcement strategies that rely on partnerships between criminal justice officials, neighbourhood residents, and social service providers (i.e., collaborative implementation) have shown considerable promise for reducing crime and disorder associated with open-air drug markets. The current study examines a comprehensive police enforcement strategy conducted in Peoria, Illinois (USA) designed to reduce patterns of crime and violence associated with an open-air drug market in a specific neighbourhood. Methods: Change in neighbourhood crime was assessed using Autoregressive Integrated Moving Average (ARIMA) interrupted time series analysis. Further, target area residents were surveyed to gauge their awareness of the police intervention as well as perceived changes in local crime patterns. Results: Analyses indicate that the intervention did not produce significant changes in neighbourhood crime offense rates between pre- and post-intervention periods. In addition, the majority of surveyed residents within the target area did not demonstrate an awareness of the intervention nor did they report perceived changes in local crime patterns. Conclusions: Study findings suggest that police-led approaches in the absence of high levels of community awareness and involvement may have less capacity to generate crime-control when focusing on open-air drug markets. We propose that police agencies adopting this strategy invest considerable resources toward achieving community awareness and participation in order to increase the potential for attaining significant and substantive programmatic impact. [Copyright &y& Elsevier]
Copyright of International Journal of Drug Policy is the property of Elsevier B.V. and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Coskun, H., et al. (2017). "A study on the validity and reliability of the Amblyopia and Strabismus Questionnaire (A&SQ) in Turkish." Turkish Journal of Medical Sciences 47(2): 483-489.
	Background/aim: This study aims to evaluate the reliability and validity of the Amblyopia and Strabismus Questionnaire (A&SQ) that is translated into Turkish. Materials and methods: This is a methodological study. A total of 149 patients took part in the survey research between December 2012 and June 2014 in an university hospital, and 37 were retested. Cronbach's alpha coefficient was used for the questionnaire's reliability analysis. Results: Cronbach's alpha coefficients for the subscales of fear of losing the better eye, distance estimation, visual disorientation, double vision, and social contact and appearance were found to be 0.80, 0.88, 0.95, 0.80, and 0.81, respectively. Five factors determined by the exploratory factor analysis explained 69.87% of the total variance. Conclusion: The Turkish version of the A&SQ is found as a reliable and valid scale for analyzing Turkish society. The A&SQ might be helpful for measuring quality of life in patients with strabismus.

Coulibaly, D., et al. (2016). "Knowledge and risk perception of the middle-east respiratory syndrome corona virus [MERS-CoV] among Ivoirian hajj pilgrims in 2013." Journal of Public Health and Epidemiology 8(9): 152-157.
	The 2013 Hajj (Muslims' annual pilgrimage to Mecca) was marked by an outbreak of the middle-east respiratory syndrome coronavirus (MERS-CoV) in Saudi Arabia. In response to this threat, the Ivoirian health authorities carried out campaigns to inform and sensitize future pilgrims. Before departure to Saudi Arabia, a survey was conducted among the pilgrims to assess their level of knowledge about MERS-CoV as well as their perception concerning the risks of the illness. A cross-sectional study was carried out from September 19 to 29, 2013 at the Riviera Golf Mosque in Abidjan, a large gathering point for Hajj pilgrims. The sample size was estimated using a sampling rate of 10% on an estimated population of 4,500 pilgrim's. 460 respondents were selected using simple random sampling. A logistic regression analysis was carried out using SPSS software. Overall, 255 (55.4%) people had knowledge about MERS-CoV. Among those aware of MERS-CoV, 63.5% (162) expressed fear of contracting the illness during the Hajj. In a multivariable analysis, factors significantly associated with the fear of contracting MERS-CoV were sex (OR=0.4; CI 95%=0.225-0.723) and participation in a MERS-CoV sensitization campaign in Saudi Arabia (OR=1.80; CI 95%=0.980-3, 270). Ivoirian hajj pilgrims expressed great fear about contracting MERS-CoV.

Coulter, R. W. S., et al. (2015). "Differences in alcohol use and alcohol-related problems between transgender- and nontransgender-identified young adults." Drug and Alcohol Dependence 154: 251-259.
	Background: Little is known about differences in alcohol use and alcohol-related problems between transgender- and nontransgender-identified populations. Using data from a large-scale health survey, we compare the drinking patterns and prevalence of alcohol-related problems of transgender-identified individuals to nontransgender-identified males and females. For transgender-identified people, we examine how various forms of victimization relate to heavy episodic drinking (HED). Methods: Cross-sectional surveys were completed by 75,192 students aged 18-29 years attending 120 post-secondary educational institutions in the United States from 2011 to 2013. Self-reported measures included alcohol use, alcohol-related problems, victimization, and sociodemographics, including 3 gender-identity groups: transgender-identified individuals; nontransgender-identified males; and nontransgender-identified females. Results: Compared to transgender-identified individuals, nontransgender-identified males were more likely to report HED in the past 2 weeks (relative risk=1.42; p=0.006); however, nontransgender-identified males and females reported HED on fewer days than transgender-identified people (incidence-rate ratios [IRRs] ranged from 0.28 to 0.43; p-values &lt;0.001). Compared to transgender-identified people, nontransgender-identified males and females had lower odds of past-year alcohol-related sexual assault and suicidal ideation (odds ratios ranged from 0.24 to 0.45; p-values &lt;0.05). Among transgender-identified people, individuals who were sexually assaulted (IRR=3.21, p=0.011) or verbally threatened (IRR=2.42, p=0.021) in the past year had greater HED days than those who did not experience those forms of victimization. Conclusions: Compared to transgender-identified people, nontransgender-identified males and females: have fewer HED occasions (despite nontransgender-identified males having greater prevalence of HED); and are at lower risk for alcohol-related sexual assaults and suicidal ideation. Experiences of sexual assault and verbal threats are associated with greater HED occasions for transgender-identified people.

Coyne, I., et al. (2009). "Griefing in a virtual community: An exploratory survey of Second Life residents." Zeitschrift für Psychologie/Journal of Psychology 217(4): 214-221.
	Building on the research of Chesney, Coyne, Logan, and Madden (2009), this paper examines griefing within the virtual online community of Second Life via an online survey of 86 residents (46% men). Results suggested that griefing was deemed to be an unacceptable, persistent negative behavior which disrupted enjoyment of the environment and which was experienced by 95% of the sample, with 38% classified as frequent victims and 20% classified as perpetrators. No differences emerged in rates between gender (real life and second life), age, and time as a resident in Second Life. A number of self, player- and game-influenced motivations were judged to promote griefing, with respondents overall split on the impact of griefing when compared to traditional bullying. Further, respondents felt that a shared responsibility to control griefing was needed with individuals, residents as a community, and Second Life developers all playing a part. Discussion of the findings in relation to cyber-bullying in general is presented. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)

Craig, W., et al. (2009). "A cross-national profile of bullying and victimization among adolescents in 40 countries." International Journal of Public Health 54(suppl.2): 216-224.
	Objectives: (1) To compare the prevalence of bullying and victimization among boys and girls and by age in 40 countries. (2) In 6 countries, to compare rates of direct physical, direct verbal, and indirect bullying by gender, age, and country. Methods: Cross-sectional self-report surveys including items on bullying and being bullied were obtained from nationally representative samples of 11, 13 and 15 year old school children in 40 countries, N=202,056. Six countries (N=29,127 students) included questions about specific types of bullying (e. g., direct physical, direct verbal, indirect). Results: Exposure to bullying varied across countries, with estimates ranging from 8.6% to 45.2% among boys, and from 4.8% to 35.8% among girls. Adolescents in Baltic countries reported higher rates of bullying and victimization, whereas northern European countries reported the lowest prevalence. Boys reported higher rates of bullying in all countries. Rates of victimization were higher for girls in 29 of 40 countries. Rates of victimization decreased by age in 30 of 40 (boys) and 25 of 39 (girls) countries. Conclusion: There are lessons to be learned from the current research conducted in countries where the prevalence is low that could be adapted for use in countries with higher prevalence.

Crandall, P. G., et al. (2011). "Consumer awareness of and concerns about food safety at three Arkansas farmers' markets." Food Protection Trends 31(3): 156-165.
	An emerging national trend supports purchase of local, organic, all-natural and "slow" foods that allow consumers to feed their bodies without fear of potentially cancer-causing chemicals or bacteria and simultaneously feed their social conscience by not buying produce shipped from all over the world. Because of these demands, business at many farmers' markets is increasing. A total of 305 consumers at three Arkansas farmers' markets were surveyed to determine their concerns and beliefs about the safety of foods. Consumers surveyed were well educated (62% with a bachelors or higher degree), mature (41% over 56 years of age), female (63%), and Caucasian (88%). The largest category (36%) said their major reason for shopping at farmers' markets was that they wanted their food to be free of chemicals. Pesticides were the biggest safety concern of 45% of the respondents. Only 2-6% of respondents were concerned about harmful bacteria in their food, despite massive education projects and media attention related to "harmful bacteria." An overwhelming majority of the respondents (76%) believed that organic foods are inherently safer than their conventional counterparts. This consumer research offers limited insight into the market drivers of safer foods and suggests a sales approach that depends on the markets' locations and gender of their customers.

Creedon, N. and P. S. Ó. Súilleabháin (2017). "Dog bite injuries to humans and the use of breed-specific legislation: a comparison of bites from legislated and non-legislated dog breeds." Irish Veterinary Journal 70(23): (21 July 2017)-(2021 July 2017).
	Background: The primary objective of this study was to investigate if differences in dog bite characteristics exist amongst legislated and non-legislated dog breeds listed under breed-specific legislation in Ireland (age when bitten, anatomical bite locations, triggers for biting, victim's relationship with the dog, geographical location and owner presence, history of aggression, reporting bite incident to authorities, medical treatment required following the bite, and type of bite inflicted). A second objective of the current study was to investigate dog control officer's enforcement and perceptions of current legislation. Data for statistical analyses were collated through a nationally advertised survey, with Pearson Chi-square and Fisher's Exact Test statistical methods employed for analyses. A total of 140 incident surveys were assessed comprising of non-legislated (n=100) and legislated (n=40) dog bite incidents. Results: Legislated breeds were significantly more likely to be perceived as aggressive and less fearful as triggers for biting compared to non-legislated breeds (P=0.003). Non-legislated breeds were more likely to inflict a bite with the owner present on own property and on a business premises compared to legislated breeds (P=0.036). Non-legislated breeds were more likely to not be reported to the authorities before (P=0.009), and after (P=0.032) the bite occurred compared to legislated breeds. There were no significant differences observed between both groups for; age when the victim was bitten, bite location, relationship with the dog, history of aggression, outcome for the dog, if the dog bit again, and seeing a professional trainer or behaviourist. No significant difference was observed between both legislated and non-legislated groups for medical treatment required following the bite, and the type of bite inflicted. Conclusion: The present study results did not observe evidence of any differences between legislated and non-legislated for both the medical treatment to victims required following the bite, and the type of bite inflicted. The significant differences in bites being reported to authorities, perceived triggers for biting, and biting locations suggests distinctly differing perceptions relating to risk between legislated and non-legislated dog breeds. Further consequences relating to the introduction of breed-specific legislation in Ireland are discussed.

Culp, R., et al. (2013). "From War to Prison: Examining the Relationship Between Military Service and Criminal Activity." JQ: Justice Quarterly 30(4): 651-680.
	In February of 2008 the New York Times ran a series—War Torn—on Iraq and Afghanistan war veterans and their adjustment to civilian life upon return from the war zone. The authors assessed the criminal involvement of veterans by using newspaper accounts and other open source data to identify homicides in which the offender was an Afghanistan or Iraq war veteran. This particular aspect of the series drew a great deal of criticism, in part because of disagreements about the wisdom of the wars, but also because the sources of data used were perceived as less than systematic and accurate. This series and the debate that it engendered raised once again to prominence the issue of whether veterans are disproportionately involved in crime upon their return from service and specifically from combat assignments. The series also raised the question of whether media accounts of violent behavior by returning combat veterans are simply anecdotal or if they portend a more system-wide problem. This paper uses data from the Surveys of Inmates of State and Federal Correctional Facilities and the Current Population Surveys from 1985 to 2004 to estimate more systematically the prevalence and nature of the offending by military veterans in civilian society. The study seeks to avoid some of the methodological weaknesses of earlier studies that examined the criminal behavior of returning veterans. Specifically, the research considers whether criminal behavior, as reflected in the likelihood of imprisonment, is affected by military service, era of service, or service during wartime after controlling for social and demographic characteristics associated with offending. The findings indicate that military service in general is not predictive of incarceration when key demographic and social integration variables are taken into account. Service during wartime was found to be inversely related to subsequent incarceration, while veterans of the post-1973 All Volunteer Force were more likely to be incarcerated than were civilians and veterans who served during the draft era. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of JQ: Justice Quarterly is the property of Routledge and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Culp, R., et al. (2013). "From War to Prison: Examining the Relationship Between Military Service and Criminal Activity." Justice Quarterly 30(4): 651-680.
	In February of 2008 the New York Times ran a series-War Torn-on Iraq and Afghanistan war veterans and their adjustment to civilian life upon return from the war zone. The authors assessed the criminal involvement of veterans by using newspaper accounts and other open source data to identify homicides in which the offender was an Afghanistan or Iraq war veteran. This particular aspect of the series drew a great deal of criticism, in part because of disagreements about the wisdom of the wars, but also because the sources of data used were perceived as less than systematic and accurate. This series and the debate that it engendered raised once again to prominence the issue of whether veterans are disproportionately involved in crime upon their return from service and specifically from combat assignments. The series also raised the question of whether media accounts of violent behavior by returning combat veterans are simply anecdotal or if they portend a more system-wide problem. This paper uses data from the Surveys of Inmates of State and Federal Correctional Facilities and the Current Population Surveys from 1985 to 2004 to estimate more systematically the prevalence and nature of the offending by military veterans in civilian society. The study seeks to avoid some of the methodological weaknesses of earlier studies that examined the criminal behavior of returning veterans. Specifically, the research considers whether criminal behavior, as reflected in the likelihood of imprisonment, is affected by military service, era of service, or service during wartime after controlling for social and demographic characteristics associated with offending. The findings indicate that military service in general is not predictive of incarceration when key demographic and social integration variables are taken into account. Service during wartime was found to be inversely related to subsequent incarceration, while veterans of the post-1973 All Volunteer Force were more likely to be incarcerated than were civilians and veterans who served during the draft era. Adapted from the source document.

Curtis, A., et al. (2019). "Alcohol use in family, domestic and other violence: findings from a cross-sectional survey of the Australian population." Drug and Alcohol Review 38(4): 349-358.
	Introduction and Aims: The link between alcohol and experience of violence is well-documented, but there is a paucity of empirical research on the role of alcohol specifically in family and domestic violence (FDV) in Australia. The aim of the current study was to describe the relationship between alcohol use and FDV in the Australian population, and to examine key differences between three different types of violence: family violence, intimate partner violence (IPV) and other violence. Design and Methods: An online panel survey was conducted using a stratified random sampling design. Results: In total, 5118 respondents were included, of whom 44.5% reported experiencing violence in their lifetime, and 6.0% reported recent (past year) experience of violence. Recent violent incidents were comprised of IPV (41.8%), family violence (13.1%) and other violence (45.1%). Approximately one-third of all violent incidents experienced (either as a victim or perpetrator) were alcohol-related, and 37.8% of respondents who experienced IPV and 27.8% of those who experienced family violence reported past year heavy-episodic drinking. Alcohol use was associated with higher rates of physical violence and injury at IPV incidents. Alcohol consumed at IPV incidents was most often purchased from a supermarket liquor store (37.0%) and consumed at the respondent's home, regardless of the distance between the purchase location and incident location. Discussions and Conclusions: This study found that alcohol is frequently involved in FDV incidents, particularly IPV. Alcohol use was associated with a higher chance of physical violence and of injury at IPV incidents.

Dale, A. R., et al. (2010). "A survey of owners' perceptions of fear of fireworks in a sample of dogs and cats in New Zealand." New Zealand Veterinary Journal 58(6): 286-291.
	AIMS: To establish reliable information regarding the behavioural responses of dogs and cats to fireworks in New Zealand; record interventions used by owners, and their perceived efficacies; and establish the prevalence of firework-related injury, and quantify owners' attitudes towards fireworks. METHODS: A questionnaire targeting dog and cat owners was distributed via the Auckland Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals (SPCA) Animals Voice magazine and 25 veterinary clinics. The questionnaire covered demographics of animals, fear of fireworks, severity of the fear, and behaviours exhibited. Also included were treatments tried, source and perceived efficacy, prevalence of injury, and owners' attitudes towards the sale of fireworks for private use. RESULTS: From a total of 8,966 questionnaires distributed, 1,007 valid questionnaires were returned, representing 3,527 animals. Of these 1,635 (46%) animals displayed a level of fear of fireworks recognisable to their owners. Owners of dogs identified a significantly higher fear response than owners of cats but the duration of these fear responses did not differ between species. Fear of fireworks frequently resulted in dogs exhibiting active fear behaviours, whereas cats were more likely to exhibit hiding and cowering behaviours. A significantly increased severity and duration of fear response over time in dogs and cats was associated with owners who comforted them when they displayed a fearful response. Only 141/890 (15.8%) of owners sought professional treatment from a veterinarian, animal behaviourist or animal trainer for their animals, with variable efficacy. Six percent (51/923) of animals had received physical injuries from fireworks. The majority (837/1,007; 83%) of respondents, regardless of whether they owned a fearful animal or not, supported a ban on the sale of fireworks for private use. CONCLUSIONS: The results provide valuable information that is, as yet, unsubstantiated in New Zealand, although potential biases exist due to the non-random selection of respondents. Differences between dogs and cats were likely due to differing responses to fear-provoking stimuli between the species. Owner-reported increase in fearful response over time for comforted animals may indicate a negative impact on the longer-term psychological welfare of their animal. CLINICAL RELEVANCE: The greater the awareness of effective treatment plans for animals that suffer from a fear of fireworks, the greater the possibility that this fear can be reduced. Wider dissemination of effective owner behaviour and treatment programmes for firework fears is needed to improve levels of professional treatment for dogs and cats.

Dang-Vu, H. and T. Le Jeannic (2011). "Femmes agressees au domicile ou a l'exterieur: Une analyse des risques. (Assaults on Women at Home or Outside the Home: A Risk Analysis. With English summary.)." Economie et Statistique(448-449): 129-157.
	The Insee survey on Living Environment and Security (Cadre de Vie et Securite: CVS) enables us to measure different types of personal assault, from insults and theft to physical and sexual assault, in the household or outside it. Women are more subject than men to domestic sexual and physical violence. They are also more likely to feel insecure. They often personally know their attacker, who may actually be a spouse or ex-spouse. This closeness of the victim and her assailant entails a repetition of violent assaults and a low propensity of the woman who endures them to file complaints. Young women living alone or as single mothers are the prime target of most types of assault. Women with a high socio-cultural level often suffer less severe assaults (theft, insults, groping). Women from modest backgrounds are more likely to endure sexual assault or family violence. Although less prone to abuse, older women are more dissatisfied than others with police presence and effectiveness. This dissatisfaction is also recorded in low-income or troubled districts. The climate of the neighbourhood (including vandalism and illegal behaviour witnessed by survey respondents) is a more powerful determinant than the frequency of attacks on women.

Danielson, C. K., et al. (2009). "Trauma-related risk factors for substance abuse among male versus female young adults." Addictive Behaviors 34(4): 395-399.
	Clinical efforts to reduce risk for Substance Use Disorders (SUDs) among young adults rely on the empirical identification of risk factors for addictive behaviors in this population. Exposure to traumatic events and Posttraumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD) have been linked with SUDs in various populations. Emerging data, particularly from adolescent samples, suggest that traumatic event exposure increases risk for SUDs for young women, but not young men. The purpose of the current study was to examine trauma-related risk factors for alcohol and drug abuse among a national sample of young adults and compare such risk factors between men and women. Participants were 1753 young adults who participated in the 7-8 year follow-up telephone-based survey to the original National Survey of Adolescents. In the full sample, 29.1% met criteria for substance abuse. Trauma-related risk factors for alcohol and drug abuse differed for men and women. Clinical implications of these results are discussed.

Davidov, D. M., et al. (2012). "Nurse Home Visitors' Perceptions of Mandatory Reporting of Intimate Partner Violence to Law Enforcement Agencies." Journal of interpersonal violence 27(12): 2484-2502.
	In the United States, there is an ongoing debate about requiring health care professionals to report intimate partner violence (IPV) to law enforcement agencies. A comprehensive examination of the perspectives of those required to report abuse is critical, as their roles as mandated reporters often pose legal, practical, moral, and ethical questions. Even so, the perspective of health care professionals who are required to report is often overlooked and research is scarce on mandated reporters who work outside of clinical settings, such as nurses who engage in home visitation with clients. The purpose of this study was to examine nurse home visitors' perspectives regarding the mandatory reporting of IPV, specifically focusing on their attitudes toward reporting, perceived awareness of reporting requirements, and intended reporting behaviors. A web-based survey was administered to nurses in the Nurse-Family Partnership home visitation program across the United States. A total of 532 completed surveys were returned (response rate = 49%). In terms of support for reporting IPV, 40% of nurses indicated that they should "always" be required to report. Almost half of the sample indicated that they would report a case of IPV, yet less than one-third of participants were aware of a legal mandate. Attitudes and support toward reporting as well as the perception of a reporting requirement significantly predicted intention to report. Furthermore, 29% of participants did not know if they were required to report IPV perpetrated against their clients. Comprehensive information about mandatory reporting duties is needed for health care professionals in home visitation settings. The findings of the current study highlight the need to reduce variation among practitioners and establish consistent program practices that are grounded in the program's principals, supported by existing research, and compliant with existing state policies. [Reprinted by permission of Sage Publications Inc., copyright holder.]

Davis, K. C., et al. (2014). "How to score the Sexual Experiences Survey? A comparison of nine methods." Psychology of Violence 4(4): 445-461.
	Objective: Although assessments of sexual assault victimization and perpetration have greatly improved, current scoring methods do not fully utilize the wealth of information they provide. The present studies assessed new methods for scoring sexual assault severity using the Sexual Experiences Survey (SES; Koss et al., 2007). Method: In 2 studies of female (n = 436) and male (n = 313) nonproblem drinkers who had engaged in unprotected sex within the past year, we compared 3 severity-ranking schemes, as well as 3 scoring methods per severity scheme for a total of 9 scoring methods. New severity-ranking schemes considered tactic types separately, varied combinations of assault outcomes, and accounted for multiple types and frequencies of assaults. Measures assessing convergent validity were also administered. Results: Seventy-eight percent (n = 340) of the women reported victimization, and 58% (n = 180) of the men reported perpetration. All severity scoring methods were strongly associated with convergent measures. Conclusions: Each scoring method is viable; however, especially among samples with greater victimization/perpetration rates, there can be advantages to incorporating multiple types and frequencies of assault experiences into SES scores. Recent refinements of the SES necessitate commensurate improvements in its scoring methods in order to significantly advance the field of sexual assault assessment. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)

Dayalbandhu, M., et al. (2014). "Epidemiological profile of snake bite in South 24 Parganas district of West Bengal with focus on underreporting of snake bite deaths." Indian Journal of Public Health 58(1): 17-21.
	Background: Snake bite is a neglected public health problem in India. Very few community based epidemiological studies in India have been published so far on this issue. Most of the studies were carried out on hospital data. Previous community-based survey in the state revealed that only 22% snake bite victims attended hospitals. Objectives: The objective of the present study is to find out the epidemiological profile of snake bite in eight blocks of the South 24-Paraganas district of West Bengal and to explore the under reporting of snake bite deaths in health facilities in that area during the study period. Materials and Methods: A retrospective analysis of snake bite data was carried out from a community-based epidemiological survey on 1.9 million populations. This survey was done door-to-door from January 2009 to October 2010 to get epidemiological profile of snake bite of the previous 2 years. The data of direct survey was compared with the official report of the same area to evaluate the hospital-based data with focus on underreporting of snakebite deaths. Results: A total number of snake bite cases as found in the survey in the study area was 4871. There was a huge gap between the two data (direct survey and official data). Only 7.23% snake bite deaths were officially reported. Only 22.19% of the snake bite victims attended the hospitals. Nearly 65.7% of the snake bite deaths were due to common krait bite, most of them occurring in the months of June to September. Conclusions: Official reporting system is still having a huge deficiency in India. Snake bite needs to get more attention from the health authority.

de Aquino, J. A. (2017). "The Meaning of Trust for Brazilians with Higher Education." Social Indicators Research 130(1): 325-349.
	The validity of the World Values Survey (WVS) question used to measure trust is disputed over and this article is intended to present the results of an online survey, conducted in Brazil, which tested the meaning of the term trust in the WVS question. The surveyed population is entirely Brazilian and the majority has received some form of higher education. The results of the survey partially corroborate the validity of the WVS and partially deny it. Within the results of this survey there are predominantly two dominant perspectives represented within the surveyed population including: respondents who think in friends and relatives as part of most people have a higher probability of also saying to trust most people which means that different people may be answering slightly different questions. However, respondents who say that trust most people have higher levels of trust in people in general than in family if compared with respondents who say to not trust most people which is in accordance with the expectation that the question adequately measures generalized interpersonal trust.

de Castelbajac, M. (2013). "The Difficulties of Invention: On the Multiple Invention of Crime Victim Surveys in Scandinavia and the US in the Post-War Era." Journal of Scandinavian Studies in Criminology & Crime Prevention 14(2): 133-153.
	It is generally assumed that crime victim surveys were almost simultaneously suggested by various American research organizations and a Finnish criminologist in the mid-1960s. This coincidence apparently fits the common sociological pattern of multiple inventions. With hindsight, surveying victims of crime seems so evident an idea that it is a mystery nobody thought of it before—that is, before nearly everybody did. This mystery, however, is entirely a product of our decision to lump together as the same invention unequal contributions to a very broad problem. This hindsight bias is dissected here, using a comparison of different contributions to the application of survey methods to the study of victims of crime. When we speak of multiple inventions, we treat unequal contributions as if they were equivalent, and we become insensitive to the reasons why some have fared better than others. Only by paying attention to these differences can we come to understand why, in the case at hand, American researchers finally brought about an idea with which their Scandinavian counterparts had been toying for two decades. [ABSTRACT FROM PUBLISHER]
Copyright of Journal of Scandinavian Studies in Criminology & Crime Prevention is the property of Routledge and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

de Castelbajac, M. (2014). "Brooding Over the Dark Figure of Crime." British Journal of Criminology 54(5): 928-945.
	There was nothing inevitable about the emergence of the British Crime Survey. This article shows how the dark-figure metaphor was popularized in England, and how some of its notable promoters used it as an argument against victim surveys. It then focuses on two strategic sites for criminological research in England during the late 1960s and 1970s, the Cambridge Institute of Criminology and the Home Office. Despite some internal division, both institutions rejected early proposals for victim surveys. The first attempt to replicate victim surveys in England was almost thwarted by censors in the Institute and the ministry. The relevance of this historical process for the present criminological scene is discussed in the final section. [ABSTRACT FROM PUBLISHER]
Copyright of British Journal of Criminology is the property of Oxford University Press / USA and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

de Heer, B. and L. Jones (2017). "Measuring Sexual Violence on Campus: Climate Surveys and Vulnerable Groups." Journal of School Violence 16(2): 207-221.
	Since the 2014Not Alonereport on campus sexual assault, the use of climate surveys to measure sexual violence on campuses across the United States has increased considerably. The current study utilizes a quasi meta-analysis approach to examine the utility of general campus climate surveys, which include a measure of sexual violence, in comparison to sexual assault specific climate surveys, in measuring student sexual assault experiences. Past research has highlighted the need to not only understand campus sexual assault prevalence rates for the general student population, but also the specific risk posed to more vulnerable populations such as the lesbian, gay, bisexual, questioning/queer community (LGBQ) and Native American students. Results indicate that general campus climate surveys may be underestimating both the sexual victimization of the general student body as well as that of LGBQ and Native American students. Research and policy recommendations that focus on improved measurement of campus sexual assault experiences are discussed. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Journal of School Violence is the property of Taylor & Francis Ltd and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Decker, M. R., et al. (2009). "Intimate partner violence perpetration, standard and gendered STI/HIV risk behaviour, and STI/HIV diagnosis among a clinic-based sample of men." Sexually Transmitted Infections 85(7): 555-560.
	Background: The estimated one in three women worldwide victimised by intimate partner violence (IPV) consistently demonstrate elevated STI/HIV prevalence, with their abusive male partners' risky sexual behaviours and subsequent infection increasingly implicated. To date, little empirical data exist to characterise the nature of men's sexual risk as it relates to both their violence perpetration, and STI/HIV infection. Methods: Data from a cross-sectional survey of men ages 18-35 recruited from three community-based health clinics in an urban metropolitan area of the northeastern US (n=1585) were analysed to estimate the prevalence of IPV perpetration and associations of such violent behaviour with both standard (eg, anal sex, injection drug use) and gendered (eg, coercive condom practices, sexual infidelity, transactional sex with a female partner) forms of sexual-risk behaviour, and self-reported STI/HIV diagnosis. Results: Approximately one-third of participants (32.7%) reported perpetrating physical or sexual violence against a female intimate partner in their lifetime; one in eight (12.4%) participants self-reported a history of STI/HIV diagnosis. Men's IPV perpetration was associated with both standard and gendered STI/HIV risk behaviours, and to STI/HIV diagnosis (OR 4.85, 95% CI 3.54 to 6.66). The association of men's IPV perpetration with STI/HIV diagnosis was partially attenuated (adjusted odds ratio (AOR) 2.55, 95% CI 1.77 to 3.67) in the multivariate model, and a subset of gendered sexual-risk behaviours were found to be independently associated with STI/HIV diagnosis - for example, coercive condom practices (AOR 1.67, 95% CI 1.04 to 2.69), sexual infidelity (AOR 2.46, 95% CI 1.65 to 3.68), and transactional sex with a female partner (AOR 2.03, 95% CI 1.36 to 3.04). Conclusions: Men's perpetration of physical and sexual violence against intimate partners is common among this population. Abusive men are at increased risk for STI/HIV, with gendered forms of sexual-risk behaviour partially responsible for this association. Thus, such men likely pose an elevated infection risk to their female partners. Findings indicate the need for interwoven sexual health promotion and violence prevention efforts targeted to men; critical to such efforts may be reduction in gendered sexual-risk behaviours and modification of norms of masculinity that likely promote both sexual risk and violence.

Deeb, H., et al. (2018). "Police Officers’ Perceptions of Statement Inconsistency." Criminal Justice & Behavior 45(5): 644-665.
	We examined police officers’ (N = 71) perceptions of statement inconsistency types (within-statement, between-statement, statement-evidence, and within-group inconsistencies). Approximately half of the officers reported looking for statement inconsistency to detect deception. Officers generally associated contradictions and omissions with deception, and repetitions and reminiscences with truthfulness, but they were most likely to use contradictions. Officers reported using statement-evidence inconsistency more than any other inconsistency type, and they believed it was the easiest type to assess. Younger officers tended to believe that liars attempt to eliminate within-statement inconsistency unless they are strategically presented with incriminating evidence. Moreover, the majority of officers indicated that they have used drawings to assess inconsistencies with suspects’ verbal statements. Finally, suspects’ criminal history, intelligence, and personality were believed to influence statement (in)consistency. These findings are discussed in light of the literature on statement inconsistency, and recommendations regarding the applied use of statement inconsistency types are offered. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Criminal Justice & Behavior is the property of Sage Publications Inc. and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Deepika, P., et al. (2018). "Survey of knowledge of school children towards the prevalence, severity, management of maxillofacial injuries, and rescue skills in the event of a dog bite." Journal of Indian Society of Pedodontics and Preventive Dentistry 36(4): 334-338.
	Background: Maxillofacial injuries are reported commonly in children encountering animal/dog attack. The level of knowledge of children on such events can form a sound basis for the prevention of maxillofacial injuries resulting from dog bites/attacks. Aim: This study aims to assess the knowledge of children on maxillofacial injuries resulting from dog bites, their management, and rescue skills to be used during the event of a dog attack. Settings and Design: The study is a cross-sectional questionnaire survey. Material and Methods: Seven hundred children aged 7-12 years participated in the study. A questionnaire consisting of 21 questions assessed the common site and management of injury resulting from dog bites, the source of exposure, and the knowledge of children on rescue skills to be used in the event of dog attack. This was followed by an awareness program to educate the children on rescue skills and management of dog bite injuries. Statistical Analysis: Descriptive statistics were calculated for all the variables. Results: A significant percentage of dog bite injuries occurred on the face and hands in children. Boys were more common victims. Familiar dogs inflicted injuries to the children commonly than stray dogs. The children lacked knowledge on the management of dog bite injuries; however, they were aware of rabies and its prevention. The children were not well aware of rescue skills to be used in the event of a dog attack. Conclusion: Children are innocent and behavior of dogs are unpredictable hence they become victims of the dog attacks. Educating children on safe animal behavior can prove vital in reducing gruesome maxillofacial injuries resulting from dog attacks.

Dehghani, R., et al. (2017). "A retrospective study on scropionism in Iran (2002-2011)." Journal of Arthropod-Borne Diseases 11(2): 194-203.
	Background: Scorpion sting is a common medical emergency in Iran. The epidemiological features and control of such cases vary from south to north. This review will provide new information about the epidemiology of scorpion stings in different provinces of Iran. Methods: In this descriptive retrospective study, data on scorpionism including incidence rates, mortality as well as locality from 2002 to 2011 were collected. Results: Overall, 433203 victims of scorpion stings had been referred to health centers from of all of the 31 provinces. The incidence of scorpion stings in 100000 populations was from 54.8 to 66. The highest rate of scorpion stings occurred among the 25-34 yr old group. The highest incidence of scorpion stings during 2011 was observed in Khuzestan Province and the lowest number in Mazandaran Province. The peak number of human cases (scorpion stings) was recorded during May to August. Conclusion: Scorpion stings in Iran are high. It is necessary that physicians and health care professionals should be familiar with local scorpions, especially those that are potentially more dangerous than others, the effective treatment protocols, and supportive care as well as their control of scorpionism.

DeKeseredy, W. S. (2019). "CHAPTER 4: INNOVATIVE METHODS OF GATHERING SURVEY DATA ON VIOLENCE AGAINST WOMEN." Sociology of Crime, Law & Deviance 24: 69-84.
	Purpose - This chapter presents some innovative ways in which researchers can collect survey data on various types of violence against women. Methodology/approach - The suggestions made here are drawn from over 30 years of national, international, and local survey research. Findings - The methods described in this chapter minimize underreporting, produce theoretically relevant data, and have meaningful policy consequences. Originality/value - The research techniques reviewed here have made many important contributions to the field and the data they uncovered have helped raise public awareness about one of the world's most compelling social problems. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Sociology of Crime, Law & Deviance is the property of Emerald Publishing and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Delk, J., et al. (2014). "Promoting teacher adoption of physical activity breaks in the classroom: findings of the Central Texas CATCH middle school project." Journal of School Health 84(11): 722-730.
	BACKGROUND: Research suggests that physical activity breaks (ABs) during class increase students' physical activity levels and provide an academic benefit. This study evaluates a 3-year intervention aimed at encouraging teacher AB use. METHODS: Thirty central Texas middle schools were assigned to 1 of 3 conditions: training-only (Basic), training plus facilitator support (Basic Plus), and training/facilitator support and a social marketing campaign (Basic Plus SM). Teachers completed surveys at end of years 2 (N=1039) and 3 (N=831) to assess exposure to program, self-efficacy, and frequency of AB use. RESULTS: At end of year 3, teachers in facilitator-supported conditions reported increased exposure, self-efficacy, and use compared to Basic condition. Only 43.2% of teachers in the Basic condition reported receiving training in ABs compared to 84.2% and 90.6% in the Basic Plus and Basic Plus SM conditions, respectively. Additionally, a greater percentage of teachers in the facilitator-support conditions reported conducting ABs weekly (Basic=23.3%, Basic Plus=34.4%, Basic Plus SM=38.7%, at year 3; p &lt;.001). CONCLUSIONS: Despite perceived barriers, including fear that ABs will detract from instructional time, the intervention was successful in having a core group of teachers implement them weekly. More research is needed to increase the percentage of teachers implementing ABs regularly.

Delva, J., et al. (2014). "Ecological factors and adolescent marijuana use: results of a prospective study in Santiago, Chile." International journal of environmental research and public health 11(3): 3443-3452.
	Purpose: Despite the growing evidence that ecological factors contribute to substance use, the relationship of ecological factors and illicit drugs such as marijuana use is not well understood, particularly among adolescents in Latin America. Guided by social disorganization and social stress theories, we prospectively examined the association of disaggregated neighborhood characteristics with marijuana use among adolescents in Santiago, Chile, and tested if these relationships varied by sex. Methods: Data for this study are from 725 community-dwelling adolescents participating in the Santiago Longitudinal Study, a study of substance using behaviors among urban adolescents in Santiago, Chile. Adolescents completed a two-hour interviewer administered questionnaire with questions about drug use and factors related to drug using behaviors. Results: As the neighborhood levels of drug availability at baseline increased, but not crime or noxious environment, adolescents had higher odds of occasions of marijuana use at follow up, approximately 2 years later (odds ratio [OR]=1.39; 95% CI=1.16-1.66), even after controlling for the study's covariates. No interactions by sex were significant. Discussion: The findings suggest that "poverty", "crime", and "drug problems" may not be synonyms and thus can be understood discretely. As Latin American countries re-examine their drug policies, especially those concerning decriminalizing marijuana use, the findings suggest that attempts to reduce adolescent marijuana use in disadvantaged neighborhoods may do best if efforts are concentrated on specific features of the "substance abuse environment".

DeMatteo, D., et al. (2015). "Sexual assault on college campuses: A 50-state survey of criminal sexual assault statutes and their relevance to campus sexual assault." Psychology, Public Policy, and Law 21(3): 227-238.
	A recent series of highly publicized campus sexual assaults and the questionable responses by the academic institutions where they occurred has led some policymakers and academic administrators to call for legislative and institutional change. For such changes to be effective, academic administrators and legislators need solutions that effectively protect victims, punish perpetrators, and encourage institutional compliance with relevant legislation. Furthermore, there has been significant debate about how much the criminal justice system can and should be involved when sexual assaults occur on college campuses. To address these questions, there needs to be a more thorough understanding of existing state sexual assault laws and their capacity to handle sexual assaults that occur on college campuses. This project identified and systematically examined all U.S. state statutes relating to sexual assault to evaluate to what extent these laws are appropriate and accessible for victims of campus sexual assault. Results revealed that all 50 states have at least 1 criminal statute addressing sexual assault, with a total of 432 statutory subsections being identified for inclusion. Across statutes, key concepts relating to consent and incapacity were often ill defined or undefined, and many of the statutes appear to be poorly suited to handling campus sexual assaults. These findings have implications for the adjudication of campus sexual assaults, and such results can potentially be used to amend existing legislation and inform future legislation. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)

DeMatteo, D., et al. (2017). "Cyberstalking: are we on the same (web)page? A comparison of statutes, case law, and public perception." Journal of Aggression, Conflict & Peace Research 9(2): 83-94.
	Purpose As society becomes more technology oriented, cyberstalking is becoming an increasing concern. The purpose of this paper is to compare US state and federal statutory and case law to a survey of public perception of cyberstalking to examine if cyberstalking laws reflect public opinion.Design/methodology/approach A national sample of 303 participants ranging in age from 18 to 69 years (M=33.35, SD=10.45) completed a novel cyberstalking survey and demographic questionnaire. The survey encompassed participants’ perceptions about the scope of cyberstalking as a crime, views on punishment of cyberstalking, and behaviors they have engaged in online or experienced from others that could constitute cyberstalking.Findings Findings indicated numerous areas of disagreement between public perception and statutory case law, such as a public preference that cyberstalking be treated as a separate offense from stalking, that a threat of violence is not required for behavior to constitute cyberstalking, and that there should be a private civil cause of action for cyberstalking. Findings also indicated that a substantial minority of participants had engaged in or been the victim of cyber actions that could be considered cyberstalking, and that the public preferred sanctions other than incarceration for cyberstalking.Originality/value This is the first study to examine whether cyberstalking policy in the USA reflects public perception of cyberstalking. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Journal of Aggression, Conflict & Peace Research is the property of Emerald Publishing and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Demirci, A. C., et al. (2015). "Sociodemographic characteristics and drug abuse patterns of adolescents admitted for substance use disorder treatment in Istanbul." American Journal of Drug & Alcohol Abuse 41(3): 212-219.
	Background: Adolescent substance use is an increasing major health problem in developing countries. Objectives: To evaluate the sociodemographic characteristics and drug abuse patterns of children and youth seeking treatment in Turkey. Methods: This retrospective study reviewed the demographic and clinical data of substance users who visited the substance addiction treatment clinic for children and youth in Bakrköy Research and Training Hospital for Psychiatry, Neurology and Neurosurgery in Istanbul, between January 2011 and December 2012. Results: The sample comprised of 1969 children and youth aged between 11 and 20 (346 female and 1623 male). Cannabis (60.1%), followed by solvents/inhalants (38.3%) and ecstasy (33.4%), were the most prevalent substances used. The use of solvents/inhalants was more common among males, whereas ecstasy and cocaine use were more common among females. The mean age for the onset of substance use was 13 years. The proportion of polysubstance use was 60.2%. There was a mean duration of 2.28±1.91 years between the first substance use and seeking treatment. The risk factors for most of the drug usage were onset of substance use at a young age, gender, treatment admission at older ages, higher parental criminal history, and having substance using parents or relatives. Conclusion: Findings of the very early onset of substance and polysubstance use indicated easy accessibility of legal and illicit substances by children and youth in Istanbul. These findings on Turkish children and youth who seek substance use treatment can be useful in developing preventive early interventions and treatment facilities.

Desclaux, A., et al. (2016). "Ebola contacts' surveillance: social impact and ethical issues in Senegal. / La surveillance des personnes contacts pour Ébola: effets sociaux et enjeux éthiques au Sénégal." Bulletin de la Société de Pathologie Exotique 109(4): 296-302.
	Quarantine has been widely used during the Ebola outbreak in West Africa mainly to control transmission chains. This measure raises ethical issues that require documentation of the modalities of quarantine at the field level and its social effects for contact persons. In Senegal, 74 people were in contact with the Ebola case coming from Guinea in September 2014. Of these, 34 members of the case's household were contained together at home and monitored by officers. The remaining 40 health care workers from two facilities were dispersed in their family households and monitored by telephone or during doctors' visits. The study is based on in-depth interviews with 43 adult contacts about their experiences and perceptions, with additional observation for interpretation and contextualization. Containment at home was applied differently to contacts who lived with patient zero than to professional health care contacts. No coercion was used at first since all contacts adhered to surveillance, but some of them did not fully comply with movement restrictions. Contacts found biosafety precautions stigmatizing, especially during the first days when health workers and contacts were feeling an acute fear of contagion. The material support that was provided - food and money - was necessary since contacts could not work nor get resources, but it was too limited and delayed. The relational support they received was appreciated, as well as the protection from stigmatization by the police and follow-up workers. But the information delivered to contacts was insufficient, and some of them, including health workers, had little knowledge about EVD and Ebola transmission, which caused anxiety and emotional suffering. Some contacts experienced the loss of their jobs and loss of income; several could not easily or fully return to their previous living routines. Beyond its recommendations to enhance support measures, the study identifies the ethical stakes of quarantine in Senegal regarding informed consent and individual autonomy, non-maleficence and benevolence, and equity and adaptation to specific situations. Nevertheless, the balance between preventive benefits and individual inconveniences of quarantine should still be evaluated from a public health perspective.

Dettlaff, A. J. and M. A. Johnson (2011). "Child maltreatment dynamics among immigrant and U.S. born Latino children: Findings from the National Survey of Child and Adolescent Well-being (NSCAW)." Children and Youth Services Review 33(6): 936-944.
	Latino children are the largest and fastest growing ethnic minority group in the United States, and the proportion of child maltreatment victims who are of Latino ethnicity has been growing since 2000. However, our knowledge of the characteristics, maltreatment patterns, and risk factors associated with maltreatment among immigrant and U.S. born Latino children and their families has been incomplete. The goals of this study are to establish the national prevalence of immigrant and U.S. born Latino children who come to the attention of child welfare systems in the United States; to expand our knowledge regarding the role of nativity in child maltreatment patterns among Latinos; and to determine if disparities in child maltreatment patterns and risks exist among Latino families using data from the National Survey of Child and Adolescent Well-being. Despite considerable risks, data indicate that immigrant Latino children are slightly underrepresented among children who present to child welfare systems when compared to the general population. Moreover, no significant differences were observed between immigrant children and U.S. born children with regard to substantiation patterns. However, significant differences emerged between the two groups in risk factors and maltreatment type, warranting further investigation. [Copyright Elsevier B.V.]

Dhaduk, K. M., et al. (2016). "Case profile, volume analysis, and dropout rate of antirabies vaccination regimens among animal bite victims in Gujarat." Indian Journal of Public Health 60(4): 268-272.
	Background: Rabies is a preventable neglected public health problem and associated with multiple cultural, religious, and social practices, myths in our country. There is a lack of organized surveillance system to measure the incidence of animal bite and human rabies as well as to evaluate cost-saving of different routes, regimen, and types of antirabies vaccines (ARV)/immunoglobulin available in India. Objectives: The objective of this study is to know dropout rate in intradermal (i.d.) ARV regimen among animal bite and to analyze the utilized volume of ARV by a different route of vaccine administration. Methods: A total of 250 animal bite victims were followed up at ARV Clinic (ARVC). Volume utilization of i.d. route over intramuscular (i.m.) route was analyzed among the patients who attended ARVC during the past 2 years. Total dropout and delayed compliance rates of ARV regimen among different group were compared by Chi-square test. Results: The i.d. route was about five times more volume and cost-saving than i.m. route. The majority of victims belonged to 15-30 years (27.60%) and children &lt;15 years (26.40%) and had wound at their lower limbs (85%) mainly bitten by dogs (98%). Thirty-four percent total dropout and 31.5% delayed compliance observed particularly during the last dose of i.d. regimen. There was no significant difference in dropout rates among different demographic groups. Half of the victims practiced wound toilet on the same day of bite. Only 68% received the first dose of ARV within 24 h of the exposure. Conclusion: Children and young adults are at higher risk of having dog bite. I.d. ARV regimen is more volume and cost-saving than i.m. one and proper counseling and follow-up should be arranged to complete the vaccination schedule.

Dhairyawan, R., et al. (2017). "A national survey of facilities for complainants of sexual assault." International Journal of STD & AIDS 28(5): 512-519.
	In 2006, a national survey demonstrated wide disparities in services offered to sexual assault complainants in the UK, most marked between sexual assault referral centres and non-sexual assault referral centres (police victim examination suites). With national standards introduced in 2009 and the expansion of sexual assault referral centres, we aimed to evaluate the current situation. A questionnaire based on the original 2006 survey, collecting data on population covered, access, funding, personnel, medical care and clinical governance was sent to all 44 UK sexual assault referral centres open in 2012. No non-sexual assault referral centres were identified. Data were collected over six months from December 2012. Twenty-three sexual assault referral centres from England and Scotland responded (response rate 52%), but not all answered every question. All (20/20) had 24h access for acute referrals, although one sexual assault referral centre reported 24h opening was not always possible due to recruitment issues. Thirteen of 20 (65%) had a separate rota for under 16s, but this was often not 24h/day. All services (20/20) offered facilities for non-police referrals and for provision of anonymous intelligence. All sexual assault referral centres employed female examiners, 11/17 (65%) male examiners and half (10/20) forensic nurse practitioners. All (21/21) offered pregnancy testing and emergency contraception, 19/21 (90%) HIV post-exposure prophylaxis, 12/21 (57%) hepatitis B virus vaccine and 11/21 (52%) medical care for injuries on site. For follow-up care, 12/21 (57%) provided in house counselling, 10/21 (48%) sexually transmitted infection screening, 12/21 (57%) hepatitis B virus vaccination and 14/21 (67%) HIV post-exposure prophylaxis. Our survey shows improvement in services for complainants of sexual assault since 2006 with better access to forensic examinations, medical and psychological care. However, as the response rate was low and without data from non-sexual assault referral centre services, we cannot give a comprehensive national picture. Our results also show that there has been little improvement in providing sexual health screening on site or by referral and this should be addressed by sexual assault referral centres.

Dhanya, R. S., et al. (2017). "Knowledge, attitude, and practice towards HIV patients among dentists." Journal of International Society of Preventive and Community Dentistry 7(2): 148-153.
	Aims: and Objectives: Discrimination by some health care workers, including dentists, against human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) infected persons has been noted. The main aim of the present study was to assess the knowledge, attitude, and practice towards HIV patients among the dentists of Trichur district, Kerala. Materials and Methods: A cross-sectional survey was conducted among 206 dentists practicing in Trichur district of Kerala. Data was collected using a pretested, self-administered 26-item questionnaire and was statistically analyzed using SPSS software version 20. Results: Out of 206 participants, 39.3% were unwilling to treat HIV patients. A statistical significance was found between willingness to treat HIV infected patients and age groups (P=0.0001) as well as between the willingness to treat HIV infected patients and ethical responsibility (P=0.0001). Conclusion: Staff fears and increased personal risk are found to be the most frequently reported concerns in treating HIV patients among dentists of Trichur district, Kerala. Senior dentists showed more reluctance to treat HIV positive individuals.

Dickson, S. and G. M. Willis (2017). "Primary Prevention of Sexual Violence in Aotearoa New Zealand." Sexual Abuse: A Journal of Research & Treatment (Sage) 29(2): 128-147.
	The extensive and sometimes profoundly damaging effects of sexual violence and large numbers of victims necessitate dedicated attention to primary prevention efforts. Few studies have examined the scope of current prevention activities or their fit with empirical research into effective prevention strategies. The current article presents findings from a survey of primary prevention activities in non-Māori and bicultural communities within Aotearoa New Zealand. Forty-four respondents representing 42 agencies responded to a comprehensive survey that canvased types of sexual violence primary prevention activities undertaken, sexual violence primary prevention programs, and barriers and supports to sexual violence prevention work. Consistent with findings from previous international surveys, the focus of primary prevention work in New Zealand was on sexual violence education and increasing awareness. Findings are discussed in the context of the sexual violence prevention literature and what works in prevention more broadly to help identify promising initiatives as well as gaps in current practices. Recommendations for advancing sexual violence primary prevention research are also provided. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Sexual Abuse: A Journal of Research & Treatment (Sage) is the property of Sage Publications Inc. and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Dima, B. and S. M. Dima (2016). "Income Distribution and Social Tolerance." Social Indicators Research 128(1): 439-466.
	Social tolerance, i.e. the tolerance for the intrinsic diversity of large social groups, can be viewed as a synergic effect of the features of both individuals and socio-economic environment. This paper proposes a twofold contribution to the literature. First, it advances a conceptual framework in which tolerance at individual levels is explained by social polarization--in the form of income distribution--and the perceived quality of the social relationships and structures. Second, the regression analysis--involving micro-data from World Values Survey covering a time span between 2010 and 2014, for 48 countries--provides robust evidences for a non-linear impact of income distribution on social tolerance. This impact appears to be U-shaped and displays a pronounced degree of asymmetry. Also, labour market position, education, class self-identification, gender, age, marital status, levels of individuals' personal security and sharing of post-materialist values matter in explaining social tolerance. The same main determinants contribute to the formation of both social tolerance and social capital. The differences are related to the amplitude as well as to the degree of symmetry for the corresponding non-linear transmission channels.

Djodjo, M., et al. (2015). "Cardiac sudden deaths of adults in Abidjan. Study of 121 judicial autopsies. / Morts subites cardiaques de l'adulte à Abidjan. Etude de 121 autopsies judiciaires." Médecine d'Afrique Noire 62(3): 134-142.
	Introduction: The medical examiner is regularly confronted with sudden cardiac death in adults in its daily practice. The objective of this study was to describe the epidemiological characteristics of sudden cardiac death and heart disease to identify the origin of these sudden deaths in Ivory Coast. Methods: A retrospective descriptive study was conducted over a period of 12 years and 3 months using records of autopsies of adults whose death was not traumatic. Results: Cardiac sudden deaths accounted for 47% of natural sudden deaths (n=258). The average age of victims was 50 years and the most affected age group was that of 45-54 years. The study population consisted mainly of males and 59% of the victims were from black Africa. Cardiac sudden deaths occurred most often in the homes of victims (45%), especially between 0000 hours and 0600 hours (34%). The causes of these sudden cardiac deaths were dominated by two main pathologies: myocardial infarction (43%) and acute pulmonary oedema (40.5%). Of the 56 individuals who had risk factors, 52 cases (93%) had a history of untreated or poorly treated arterial hypertension. Conclusion: Prevention strategies of sudden cardiac deaths in Ivory Coast should include screening and management of hypertension in young subjects.

Douglas, E. M. (2013). "Case, Service and Family Characteristics of Households that Experience a Child Maltreatment Fatality in the United States." Child Abuse Review 22(5): 311-326.
	Child maltreatment fatalities have increasingly received attention over the past three decades and yet there is a dearth of information concerning case, service and family/household factors associated with maltreatment fatalities. This is a US multi-state study of 135 child welfare workers who experienced the death of a child on their caseload. They reported on the case, service and family/household characteristics of a child who died on their caseload. Results indicate that workers had seen victims one week prior to their death and were closely monitoring families. The most frequently mentioned family characteristics included: parental unemployment, parental mental health, experiencing a major life event and parents' inappropriate age expectations of the child. Parental alcohol and substance use were more common among infant victims; and parental perceptions of the child being 'difficult' were more common among older victims. The results are discussed with regard to future research and prevention for the field. Copyright © 2013 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd. Key Practitioner Messages: The primary findings of this study indicate that: Workers have regular contact with children leading up to the time of their death., Children die even when they are being closely monitored and have had a full-risk assessment., Families where children died were not using very many services. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Child Abuse Review is the property of John Wiley & Sons, Inc. and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Drabble, L., et al. (2013). "Sexual orientation differences in the relationship between victimization and hazardous drinking among women in the National Alcohol Survey." Psychology of Addictive Behaviors 27(3): 639-648.
	This study examined relationships between past experiences of victimization (sexual abuse and physical abuse in childhood, sexual abuse and physical abuse in adulthood, and lifetime victimization) and hazardous drinking among sexual minority women compared to exclusively heterosexual women. Data were from 11,169 women responding to sexual identity and sexual behavior questions from three National Alcohol Survey waves: 2000 (n = 3,880), 2005 (n = 3,464), and 2010 (n = 3,825). A hazardous drinking index was constructed from five dichotomous variables (5+ drinking in the past year, drinking two or more drinks daily, drinking to intoxication in the past year, two or more lifetime dependence symptoms, and two or more lifetime drinking-related negative consequences). Exclusively heterosexual women were compared with three groups of sexual minority women: lesbian, bisexual, and women who identified as heterosexual but reported same-sex partners. Each of the sexual minority groups reported significantly higher rates of lifetime victimization (59.1% lesbians, 76% bisexuals, and 64.4% heterosexual women reporting same-sex partners) than exclusively heterosexual women (42.3%). Odds for hazardous drinking among sexual minority women were attenuated when measures of victimization were included in the regression models. Sexual minority groups had significantly higher odds of hazardous drinking, even after controlling for demographic and victimization variables: lesbian (ORadj = 2.0, CI = 1.1–3.9, p adj = 1.8, CI = 1.0–3.3, p < .05; heterosexual with same-sex partners (ORadj = 2.7; CI = 1.7–4.3, p < .001). Higher rates of victimization likely contribute to, but do not fully explain, higher rates of hazardous drinking among sexual minority women. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2019 APA, all rights reserved)

Dreesen, M., et al. (2015). "Outcome indicators for home parenteral nutrition care: point of view from adult patients with benign disease." Journal of Parenteral and Enteral Nutrition 39(7): 828-836.
	Background and Aims: Patients receiving home parenteral nutrition (HPN) deserve a high-quality and patient-centered care. Patient-centered care can be delivered only if the patient's priorities and concerns are known. Therefore, the aim is to identify the top 3 most important outcome indicators according to patients' perspectives and the differences between several centers, HPN regimen, and HPN experience. Methods: A questionnaire, based on previously developed outcome indicators, was translated into the mother tongue using forward-backward translation and distributed to adult HPN patients with benign disease in March 2013. To identify differences, a Kruskal-Wallis or Mann-Whitney test was performed with GraphPad Prism (significance level &lt;.05) when applicable. Results: Nine centers over 8 countries (300 patients) participated. The top 3 outcome indicators for patients were (1) incidence of catheter-related infection (CRI), (2) survival, and (3) quality of life (QoL). Between the participating centers, significant differences on rating were found for 5 outcome indicators (catheter obstruction, .015; weight, .002; energy, .010; fear, &lt;.001; and independence, .010). The independence outcome indicator (.050) was considered less important for experienced (&gt;2 years HPN) vs less experienced patients. For this outcome indicator, patients' view also differed significantly based on number of HPN days per week (.0103). Conclusion: A cohort of HPN patients identified incidence of CRI, survival, and QoL as the most important outcome indicators for their care; however, there were significant differences between the participating centers. For one outcome indicator (independence), there were significant differences based on experience and regimen.

Drewnowski, A., et al. (2014). "Environments perceived as obesogenic have lower residential property values." American Journal of Preventive Medicine 47(3): 260-274.
	Background: Studies have tried to link obesity rates and physical activity with multiple aspects of the built environment. Purpose: To determine the relation between residential property values and multiple perceived (self-reported) measures of the obesogenic environment. Methods: The Seattle Obesity Study (SOS) used a telephone survey of a representative, geographically distributed sample of 2,001 King County adults, collected in 2008-2009 and analyzed in 2012-2013. Home addresses were geocoded. Residential property values at the tax parcel level were obtained from the King County tax assessor. Mean residential property values within a 10-minute walk (833-m buffer) were calculated for each respondent. Data on multiple perceived measures of the obesogenic environment were collected by self-report. Correlations and multivariable linear regression analyses, stratified by residential density, were used to examine the associations among perceived environmental measures, property values, and BMI. Results: Perceived measures of the environment such as crime, heavy traffic, and proximity to bars, liquor stores, and fast food were all associated with lower property values. By contrast, living in neighborhoods that were perceived as safe, quiet, clean, and attractive was associated with higher property values. Higher property values were associated, in turn, with lower BMIs among women. The observed associations between perceived environment measures and BMI were largely attenuated after accounting for residential property values. Conclusions: Environments perceived as obesogenic are associated with lower property values. Studies in additional locations need to explore to what extent other perceived environment measures can be reflected in residential property values.

Dubois, E. and G. Blank (2018). "The echo chamber is overstated: the moderating effect of political interest and diverse media." Information, Communication & Society 21(5): 729-745.
	In a high-choice media environment, there are fears that individuals will select media and content that reinforce their existing beliefs and lead to segregation based on interest and/or partisanship. This could lead to partisan echo chambers among those who are politically interested and could contribute to a growing gap in knowledge between those who are politically interested and those who are not. However, the high-choice environment also allows individuals, including those who are politically interested, to consume a wide variety of media, which could lead them to more diverse content and perspectives. This study examines the relationship between political interest as well as media diversity and being caught in an echo chamber (measured by five different variables). Using a nationally representative survey of adult internet users in the United Kingdom (N = 2000), we find that those who are interested in politics and those with diverse media diets tend to avoid echo chambers. This work challenges the impact of echo chambers and tempers fears of partisan segregation since only a small segment of the population are likely to find themselves in an echo chamber. We argue that single media studies and studies which use narrow definitions and measurements of being in an echo chamber are flawed because they do not test the theory in the realistic context of a multiple media environment.

Duffy, D. L., et al. (2014). "Evaluation of a behavioral assessment tool for dogs relinquished to shelters." Preventive Veterinary Medicine 117(3/4): 601-609.
	The goal of the present study was to evaluate a shortened, 42-item version of the Canine Behavioral Assessment and Research Questionnaire (C-BARQ(S)) as a behavioral screening tool for dogs relinquished to animal shelters. In contrast to a previous finding, the current study found no consistent evidence that relinquishing owners gave unreliable or biased responses to the questionnaire depending on whether or not they believed that this information would be shared with shelter staff or used to evaluate dogs for adoption. Relinquishing owners' C-BARQ(S) responses for items related to aggression and fear directed toward humans and other dogs correlated with independent subjective assessments of aggressiveness made by shelter staff (generalized linear mixed models, P&lt;0.05, N=84 aggressive dogs, N=156 non-aggressive dogs). In addition, C-BARQ(S) scores successfully discriminated between dogs based on their eventual outcomes (i.e., adoption or euthanasia; Generalized Linear Mixed Models, P&lt;0.05, N=181 adopted, N=177 euthanized), indicating convergent validity. Follow-up surveys with a subset of adoptive owners (N=53) revealed significant correlations (after correction for multiple comparisons) between relinquishing and adoptive owners' C-BARQ(S) ratings for 3 behavioral traits: stranger-directed aggression (rs=0.494, P&lt;0.001), chewing inappropriate objects (rs=0.402, P&lt;0.01), and urination when left alone (rs=0.421, P&lt;0.01). Overall, the findings confirmed the value of this type of shelter intake survey instrument for screening owner-surrendered dogs for the presence of behavior problems.

Duncan, D. T., et al. (2014). "Neighborhood-level LGBT hate crimes and current illicit drug use among sexual minority youth." Drug and Alcohol Dependence 135: 65-70.
	Objective: To investigate whether past-30 day illicit drug use among sexual minority youth was more common in neighborhoods with a greater prevalence of hate crimes targeting lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender (LGBT, or sexual minority) individuals. Methods: We used a population-based survey of public school youth in Boston, Massachusetts, consisting of 1292 9th-12th grade students from the 2008 Boston Youth Survey Geospatial Dataset (sexual minority n=108). Data on LGBT hate crimes involving assaults or assaults and battery between 2005 and 2008 were obtained from the Boston Police Department and linked to youths' residential address. Youth reported past-30 day use of marijuana and other illicit drugs. Wilcoxon-Mann-Whitney tests and corresponding p-values were computed to assess differences in substance use by neighborhood-level LGBT assault hate crime rate among sexual minority youth (n=103). Results: The LGBT assault hate crime rate in the neighborhoods of sexual minority youth who reported current marijuana use was 23.7 per 100,000, compared to 12.9 per 100,000 for sexual minority youth who reported no marijuana use (p=0.04). No associations between LGBT assault hate crimes and marijuana use among heterosexual youth (p&gt;0.05) or between sexual minority marijuana use and overall neighborhood-level violent and property crimes (p&gt;0.05) were detected, providing evidence for result specificity. Conclusions: We found a significantly greater prevalence of marijuana use among sexual minority youth in neighborhoods with a higher prevalence of LGBT assault hate crimes. These results suggest that neighborhood context (i.e., LGBT hate crimes) may contribute to sexual orientation disparities in marijuana use.

Duque, R. B., et al. (2019). "Predicting Active Shooter Events: Are Regional Homogeneity, Intolerance, Dull Lives, and More Guns Enough Deterrence?" Crime & Delinquency 65(9): 1218-1261.
	Based upon a secondary analysis of 2016 General Social Survey (GSS) data, this study identifies regional "Heterogeneity", "Tolerance", "Life is Exciting", "Lack of Confidence in Institutions" and "Gun Ownership" effects related to the frequency of Active Shooter events, which occured in the United States between 2000 to 2016. For Education Active Shooters, regional homogeneity is related to more tragic events as is less gun ownership per capita. For Workplace Active Shooters, more gun ownership per capita is associated with more events as is regional diversity and tolerance. The findings support calls for arming schools in white, affluent neighborhoods as well as more aggressively profiling, arresting and convicting potential White perpetrators in order to reduce the risk of Education Active Shooters. Meanwhile, stronger gun control measures in diverse and tolerant regions might reduce the incidents of Workplace Active Shooter events. The findings also suggest that organizations should acquire digital "Human Analytics" platforms and programs that integrate internal member profiles, conflict incident reports and culture climate data along with relevant regional and national data like that analyzed in this paper to help alert them to their dynamic Active Shooter risk. Also, re-evaluating diversity training seminars and courses, which often cast teen and middle-aged, White males as historical "villains", might help address the chronic strain this population experiences at school and at work. Finally, re-evaluating how disassociated White males are treated, as well as expelled/fired from school or work, might also help defuse the "popcorn effect" associated with these tragic events. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Crime & Delinquency is the property of Sage Publications Inc. and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Durey, A., et al. (2017). "Does one workshop on respecting cultural differences increase health professionals' confidence to improve the care of Australian Aboriginal patients with cancer? An evaluation." BMC Health Services Research 17(660): (15 Se-(15 Se.
	Background: Aboriginal Australians have worse cancer survival rates than other Australians. Reasons include fear of a cancer diagnosis, reluctance to attend mainstream health services and discrimination from health professionals. Offering health professionals education in care focusing on Aboriginal patients' needs is important. The aim of this paper was to evaluate whether participating in a workshop improved the confidence of radiation oncology health professionals in their knowledge, communication and ability to offer culturally safe healthcare to Aboriginal Australians with cancer. Methods: Mixed methods using pre and post workshop online surveys, and one delivered 2 months later, were evaluated. Statistical analysis determined the relative proportion of participants who changed from not at all/a little confident at baseline to fairly/extremely confident immediately and 2 months after the workshop. Factor analysis identified underlying dimensions in the items and nonparametric tests recorded changes in mean dimension scores over and between times. Qualitative data was analysed for emerging themes. Results: Fifty-nine participants attended the workshops, 39 (66% response rate) completed pre-workshop surveys, 32 (82% of study participants) completed post-workshop surveys and 25 (64% of study participants) completed surveys 2 months later. A significant increase in the proportion of attendees who reported fair/extreme confidence within 2 days of the workshop was found in nine of 14 items, which was sustained for all but one item 2 months later. Two additional items had a significant increase in the proportion of fair/extremely confident attendees 2 months post workshop compared to baseline. An exploratory factor analysis identified three dimensions: communication; relationships; and awareness. All dimensions' mean scores significantly improved within 2 days (p&lt;0.005) and persisted to 2 months. The workshop raised awareness about barriers and enablers to delivering services respectful of cultural differences, led to a willingness to reflect on pre-existing beliefs and assumptions about Aboriginal Australians that in some cases resulted in improved care. Conclusion: Single workshops co-delivered by an Aboriginal and non-Aboriginal presenter can be effective in building health professionals' confidence and translating into practice knowledge of respectful care of Aboriginal patients with cancer. Sustaining improvements may require integrating this approach into ongoing professional development.

Dutwin, D. (2016). "Everything You Need to Consider When Deciding to Field a Survey of Jews: Choices in Survey Methods and Their Consequences on Quality." Contemporary Jewry 36(3): 297-318.
	Jewish community research and demography has seen its share of challenges in the past decade. These challenges, such as substantially decreased rates of participation and the decline of landline ownership, may have particular impact on Jewish community research but are in fact broader overarching trends. This paper documents these trends and notes research showing that while cost in probability surveys have gone up as a consequence, data quality has remained consistently strong. Research comparing telephone research to online Internet surveys shows substantially better data quality in telephone research, even with very low response rates, and these differences can be particularly true in Jewish research. I provide a typical typology of errors found in survey research and afford the reader ways in which such errors can occur in Jewish community research, and how to avoid such errors. The paper then briefly reviews common approaches to Jewish community research and discusses each in the context of the typology of potential survey errors. As is noted elsewhere in the papers of this journal, despite increased costs, RDD telephone remains a uniquely powerful and useful data gathering tool for Jewish community research, to the extent that to date, no other approach executed has yet to result in survey estimates which have not been out-of-trend with past surveys in the same community as well as trends found in similar communities nationwide. The challenge of survey research then continues to be in finding designs that incorporate RDD interviewing with other methods that may be less desirable in terms of data quality but are significantly less costly to administer.

Early, K., et al. (2017). "Dynamic Question Ordering in Online Surveys." Journal of Official Statistics 33(3): 625-657.
	Online surveys have the potential to support adaptive questions, where later questions depend on earlier responses. Past work has taken a rule-based approach, uniformly across all respondents. We envision a richer interpretation of adaptive questions, which we call Dynamic Question Ordering (DQO), where question order is personalized. Such an approach could increase engagement, and therefore response rate, as well as imputation quality. We present a DQO framework to improve survey completion and imputation. In the general survey-taking setting, we want to maximize survey completion, and so we focus on ordering questions to engage the respondent and collect hopefully all information, or at least the information that most characterizes the respondent, for accurate imputations. In another scenario, our goal is to provide a personalized prediction. Since it is possible to give reasonable predictions with only a subset of questions, we are not concerned with motivating users to answer all questions. Instead, we want to order questions to get information that reduces prediction uncertainty, while not being too burdensome. We illustrate this framework with two case studies, for the prediction and survey-taking settings. We also discuss DQO for national surveys and consider connections between our statistics-based question-ordering approach and cognitive survey methodology.

Earnshaw, V. A., et al. (2014). "Exploring intentions to discriminate against patients living with HIV/AIDS among future healthcare providers in Malaysia." Tropical Medicine and International Health 19(6): 672-679.
	Objectives: Stigma towards people living with HIV/AIDS (PLWHA) is strong in Malaysia. Although stigma has been understudied, it may be a barrier to treating the approximately 81 000 Malaysian PLWHA. The current study explores correlates of intentions to discriminate against PLWHA among medical and dental students, the future healthcare providers of Malaysia. Methods: An online, cross-sectional survey of 1296 medical and dental students was conducted in 2012 at seven Malaysian universities; 1165 (89.9%) completed the survey and were analysed. Socio-demographic characteristics, stigma-related constructs and intentions to discriminate against PLWHA were measured. Linear mixed models were conducted, controlling for clustering by university. Results: The final multivariate model demonstrated that students who intended to discriminate more against PLWHA were female, less advanced in their training, and studying dentistry. They further endorsed more negative attitudes towards PLWHA, internalised greater HIV-related shame, reported more HIV-related fear and disagreed more strongly that PLWHA deserve good care. The final model accounted for 38% of the variance in discrimination intent, with 10% accounted for by socio-demographic characteristics and 28% accounted for by stigma-related constructs. Conclusions: It is critical to reduce stigma among medical and dental students to eliminate intentions to discriminate and achieve equitable care for Malaysian PLWHA. Stigma-reduction interventions should be multipronged, addressing attitudes, internalised shame, fear and perceptions of deservingness of care.

Eberhart, M. G., et al. (2014). "Travel Distance to HIV Medical Care: A Geographic Analysis of Weighted Survey Data from the Medical Monitoring Project in Philadelphia, PA." AIDS and Behavior 18(4): 776-782.
	Decisions regarding where patients access HIV care are not well understood. The purpose of this analysis was to examine differences in travel distance to care among persons receiving care in Philadelphia. A multi-stage sampling design was utilized to identify 400 potential participants. 65 % (260/400) agreed to be interviewed. Participants were asked questions about medical care, supportive services, and geographic location. Distances were calculated between residence and care location. 46.3 % travelled more than three miles beyond the nearest facility. Uninsured travelled further (6.9 miles, 95 % CI 3.9-9.8) than persons with public insurance (3.3 miles, 2.9-3.6). In multivariate analyses, no insurance (20/260) was associated with increased distance (p = 0.0005) and Hispanic ethnicity was associated with decreased distance (p = 0.0462). Persons without insurance travel further but insurance status alone does not explain the variability in distance travelled to care. In Philadelphia, Hispanic populations, and providers that may be most accessible to them, are spatially contained.

Edwards, K. M., et al. (2019). "Evaluation of a bystander-focused interpersonal violence prevention program with high school students." Prevention Science 20(4): 488-498.
	This study evaluated the effectiveness of a seven-session, bystander-focused, classroom-delivered curriculum (i.e., Bringing in the Bystander - High School Curriculum [BITB-HSC]) in reducing rates of interpersonal violence among high school students. High schools (N=26) were randomly assigned to the treatment or control condition. In classrooms in treatment schools, students (n=1081) completed a baseline survey, participated in the BITB-HSC, and completed an immediate post-test, a short-term post-test (approx. 2 months after intervention), and a long-term post-test (approx. 1 year after intervention). Youth in control schools (n=1322) completed surveys at similar time points but did not participate in the BITB-HSC. Participants were 15.8 years old on average and largely White (85.1%) and heterosexual (84.5%). Students exposed to the BITB-HSC demonstrated significant short-term changes in victim empathy and bystander barriers/facilitators, and long-term changes in rape myths, media literacy, bystander readiness, and knowledge relative to youth in the control condition. Although the BITB-HSC had little long-term impact on actual bystander behavior, there were reductions in some forms of violence among students in the BITB-HSC condition relative to the control condition. Future research is needed to determine if, for whom, why, and in what contexts (e.g., classroom-based versus school-wide initiatives) bystander-focused violence prevention initiatives reduce violence.

Edwards, S. L., et al. (2017). "Effect of Missing Data on Classification Error in Panel Surveys." Journal of Official Statistics 33(2): 551-570.
	Sensitive outcomes of surveys are plagued by wave nonresponse and measurement error (classification error for categorical outcomes). These types of error can lead to biased estimates and erroneous conclusions if they are not understood and addressed. The National Crime Victimization Survey (NCVS) is a nationally representative rotating panel survey with seven waves measuring property and violent crime victimization. Because not all crime is reported to the police, there is no gold standard measure of whether a respondent was victimized. For panel data, Markov Latent Class Analysis (MLCA) is a model-based approach that uses response patterns across interview waves to estimate false positive and false negative classification probabilities typically applied to complete data.This article uses Full Information Maximum Likelihood (FIML) to include respondents with partial information in MLCA. The impact of including partial respondents in the MLCA is assessed for reduction of bias in the estimates, model specification differences, and variability in classification error estimates by comparing results from complete case and FIML MLCA models. The goal is to determine the potential of FIML to improve MLCA estimates of classification error. While we apply this process to the NCVS, the approach developed is general and can be applied to any panel survey.

Ehimiyein, A. M., et al. (2014). "Retrospective study of dog bite cases at Ahmadu Bello University, Zaria, Nigeria and its environment." Veterinary World 7(8): 617-621.
	Aim: A 10-year retrospective study was undertaken to determine the prevalence of dog bites reported to the Veterinary Teaching Hospital (VTH), Ahmadu Bello University (ABU), Zaria, and to implement measures to control rabies exposure in the environment. Materials and Methods: Data on dog bite cases, reported to the VTH of ABU, Zaria, Nigeria between January, 2002 and December, 2011, were retrieved and analyzed using Statistical Package for Social Sciences version 17.0, Chicago, IL, USA. Result: A total of 236 dog bite-related cases was presented, of which 1.7% dogs died of rabies. The number of cases (59.7%) increased through time with the highest number (32) recorded in 2011. Majority of the cases were recorded between June and October of each year. Of the biting dogs, 22.5% were puppies (1-6 months) and 77.5% were adults (above 6 months). The human victims were 92.4%, while the dog victims were 7.6%. Eight of the dogs were stray dogs, while 228 (96.6%) were owned dogs. Of the owned dogs, 71.2% were free-roaming. Only 22% of the owned dogs were vaccinated. The most common offending breeds included the Nigerian Indigenous local breeds (73.3%), cross breeds (24.6%), Alsatians (0.8%), Terriers (0.8%), and Bulldogs (0.4%). Conclusion: In conclusion, rabies is endemic in Zaria, Nigeria, and the incidence of dog bites is on the rise. Strict measures including vaccination of the dogs and the leash law should be adopted to prevent dog bites.

Eidson, J. L., et al. (2017). "Successes and Challenges in Recruiting and Retaining Gang Members in Longitudinal Research." Youth Violence & Juvenile Justice 15(4): 396-418.
	Members of hidden or hard-to-survey populations present challenges to social scientists seeking to engage them in empirical studies, especially if those efforts are longitudinal. In this article, we document the retention-related successes and failures of a longitudinal, social network-based study of active and desisting street gang members in Philadelphia, PA, and the District of Columbia. A purposive sample was used to identify and track 229 gang members at three points in time over 2 years to explore how the social networks of gang members change. Although gang members have many factors in common with other hidden populations, their criminal behavior and involvement with the justice system, coupled with the sensitivity of the social network survey questions for this study, created hurdles to maintaining research contact over time. With continued and systematic documentation of successes and challenges, academics can build an extensive backdrop from which to continue to study gang youth. If the field cannot devise cost-effective and transferable ways to study gangs beyond single-gang ethnographies, it will limit its understanding of important processes related to gang behavior, including gang joining and desistance. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Youth Violence & Juvenile Justice is the property of Sage Publications Inc. and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Eifler, S. (2010). "Validity of a factorial survey approach to the analysis of criminal behavior." Methodology: European Journal of Research Methods for the Behavioral and Social Sciences 6(3): 139-146.
	The study presented here deals with two aspects of the validity of a factorial survey approach (Rossi & Anderson, 1982). This technique is applied to the analysis of crime in everyday life from the perspective of a rational choice approach (Cornish & Clarke, 1986). The situation of “lost letters” (Milgram, Mann, & Harter, 1965) is regarded as an opportunity to display criminal behaviors within the routine activities of everyday life. The study features this situation and focuses on situational influences upon keeping “lost” letters. According to the theoretical framework, the effort and the utility of keeping a “lost” letter are manipulated on the basis of a 2 × 3 design. The study aims at a systematic analysis of the empirical validity and the construct validity of the factorial survey approach. It compares data from a factorial survey (n = 881) with data from a field experiment (n = 395) using an equal study design. The results of the study reveal restrictions of the empirical validity of the factorial survey. Influences of the utility of a “lost” letter are equal across the factorial survey and the field experiment and support the idea of construct validity. In addition to these influences, differences between data collection methods occur which indicate a susceptibility to social desirable responses in a lost letter framework. This result is discussed with regard to the underlying research questions and methodological implications. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2020 APA, all rights reserved)

Eisenberg, M. E., et al. (2016). "Bullying victimization and emotional distress: is there strength in numbers for vulnerable youth?" Journal of Psychosomatic Research 86: 13-27.
	Objective: The present study examines whether the prevalence of vulnerable peers in school protects the emotional health of youth who are lesbian, gay, bisexual or questioning (LGBQ), overweight, or have a disability, and if the adverse emotional effects of bullying victimization are mitigated by the presence of these peers. Methods: Survey data come from a large school-based sample of adolescents attending 505 schools. The primary independent variable was the percent of students in school with each vulnerability characteristic. Multilevel logistic regression models estimated the odds of internalizing problems, self-harm, suicidal ideation and suicide attempts among students who were LGBQ, overweight or had a disability. Cross-level interaction terms were added to determine if the association between being victimized and emotional distress was moderated by the presence of vulnerable peers. Results: Greater presence of similar students was, on average, protective against emotional distress for LGBQ girls and overweight boys. In contrast, greater presence of students with a disability was, on average, a risk factor among girls with a disability. Several tests of effect modification indicated that odds of emotional distress for those who had been victimized were lower in schools with a higher proportion of vulnerable youth. Conclusions: The presence of a similar peer group may increase the likelihood that a bystander or witness to bullying will react in a helpful way. School personnel, health care providers and other youth service professionals should inquire about social relationships at school, including experiences of harassment and perceptions of peer support, to buffer negative experiences.

Elbe, A. M. and M. Overbye (2014). "Urine doping controls: the athletes' perspective." International Journal of Sport Policy and Politics 6(2): 227-240.
	Urine doping controls have become a part of the daily lives of elite athletes. However, little knowledge is available on how athletes perceive these controls. In order to investigate this question, four hundred elite athletes completed an online survey in which they replied to open and closed questions about their experiences. The results showed that athletes approve of doping testing and that the majority of them are careful to report all substances they have consumed. Fear of a false positive test result despite not having taken forbidden substances is of concern for about half of the athletes, and significantly more for female and younger athletes. Furthermore, a third of the athletes report about experiencing stress caused by urination difficulty during the control, and a smaller group (approximately one out of seven) feel their personal integrity is violated because someone is watching them urinate. In addition, a quarter of the athletes feel that urine doping controls performed at their home are an invasion of privacy. Suggestions for the improvement of urine doping controls as well as for future research are given in the article.

Elberry, A. A., et al. (2012). "Evaluation of non-prescribed antibiotic use among children with upper respiratory tract infection." International Research Journal of Pharmacy and Pharmacology 2(6): 147-152.
	The effectiveness of the antibiotics in the community and the risk of resistance may be influenced by how they are used by the patient. The aim of the present study is to determine the extent of non-prescribed antibiotic use by mothers of children who had upper respiratory tract infections (URTIs) between the ages of 1 month and 9 years. The study was community-based, cross-sectional survey questionnaires in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia, from January 2011 to March 2011. The study included 209 mothers, 95.2% completed the questionnaire. The results revealed that 79.4% of the mothers preferred seeking medical advice for symptoms of URTIs in their children and 16.1% used non-prescribed antibiotic. The most commonly used non-prescribed antibiotics were amoxicillin/clavulinc acid (31.2%) and azithromycin (27.6%). Most mothers (69.3%) had negative impressions about antibiotic use which was attributed to their fear of potential side effects and the effect of antibiotics in decreasing child's natural immunity. Mothers' educational level positively correlated with knowledge of appropriate use of antibiotics. In conclusion, antibiotic misuse for pediatric URTIs was found to be a problematic situation influenced by low knowledge and easy availability of these drugs. Educational intervention and effective communication between physicians and parents should be encouraged.

Elgar, F. J., et al. (2015). "Structural determinants of youth bullying and fighting in 79 countries." Journal of Adolescent Health 57(6): 643-650.
	Purpose: The prevention of youth violence is a public health priority in many countries. We examined the prevalence of bullying victimization and physical fighting in youths in 79 high- and low-income countries and the relations between structural determinants of adolescent health (country wealth, income inequality, and government spending on education) and international differences in youth violence. Methods: Cross-sectional surveys were administered in schools between 2003 and 2011. These surveys provided national prevalence rates of bullying victimization (n=334,736) and four or more episodes of physical fighting in the past year (n=342,312) in eligible and consenting 11-16 year olds. Contextual measures included per capita income, income inequality, and government expenditures on education. We used meta-regression to examine relations between country characteristics and youth violence. Results: Approximately 30% of adolescents reported bullying victimization and 10.7% of males and 2.7% of females were involved in frequent physical fighting. More youth were exposed to violence in African and Eastern Mediterranean countries than in Europe and Asia. Violence directly related to country wealth; a 1 standard deviation increase in per capita income corresponded to less bullying (-3.9% in males and -4.2% in females) and less fighting (-2.9% in males and -1.0% in females). Income inequality and education spending modified the relation between country wealth and fighting; where inequality was high, country wealth related more closely to fighting if education spending was also high. Conclusions: Country wealth is a robust determinant of youth violence. Fighting in affluent but economically unequal countries might be reduced through increased government spending on education.

El-Khoury, F., et al. (2019). "Lower smoking rates and increased perceived harm of cigarettes among French adults one year after comprehensive tobacco control measures." Drug and Alcohol Dependence 201: 65-70.
	Context: France has high smoking rates, and recently intensified tobacco control policies spearheaded by the introduction of plain tobacco packaging (PP), and an increase in graphic health warnings (GHW). We examine smoking and e-cigarettes use rates, as well as smoking-related perceptions before (2016) and one year after (2017) comprehensive tobacco control measures. Methods: DePICT is a two waves cross-sectional national telephone survey of French adults aged 18-64 years (2016: 4456-2017: 4114). Data were weighted to be representative of the French adult population. Adjusted prevalence ratios (PR, 95% CI) estimating changes between the two study waves were calculated using multivariate Log-Binomial regression models. Main Findings: In 2017, as compared with 2016, smoking rates (PR=0.93 (0.88-0.99)) and current e-cigarette use (PR=0.76 (0.61-0.96)) decreased in France. Further, French adults were more likely to report fear of the consequences of smoking (PR=1.10 (1.06-1.14)) and that smoking is dangerous (PR=1.08 (1.06-1.11)). Smokers were also more likely to report that health messages on tobacco products are efficient (PR=1.18 (1.05-1.32)). Conclusions: Our study provides early and encouraging results on potential effects of the comprehensive tobacco control strategies in France introduced in 2017, including PP and larger GHW. Our findings also suggest that e-cigarettes did not replace traditional smoking.

Elkies, N., et al. (2015). ""Scrambling" geo-referenced data to protect privacy induces bias in distance estimation." Population and Environment 37(1): 83-98.
	Privacy concerns regarding the sharing of spatially referenced household data have induced researchers and survey agencies to scramble geographic information by adding random spatial errors to true location coordinates. In this paper, we prove mathematically that the addition of random noise leads to a systematic overestimation of distances between households and access points of interest. We illustrate this average distance bias as well as the attenuation bias generated by random spatial errors using data on household and health facility location from a Health and Demographic Surveillance Site in rural South Africa. Given the large overall biases observed, we argue that the use of scrambled spatial data for policy making or empirical work is generally not advisable, and that alternative methods of protecting data confidentiality should be used to ensure the usability of spatial data for quantitative analysis.

Ellison, G., et al. (2012). "Responsible Participation, Community Engagement and Policing in Transitional Societies: Lessons from a Local Crime Survey in Northern Ireland." Howard Journal of Criminal Justice 51(5): 488-502.
	The new structures of policing in Northern Ireland have been internationally lauded as a success, but the manner in which police-community relations are unfolding in local settings is less clear. In this article we draw on a local crime survey conducted in a Republican area in Belfast to examine residents' views of policing and to highlight residents' concerns about police effectiveness in dealing with crime and disorder. Drawing on Habermas's concept of 'responsible participation', we also consider the role that community organisations can play in helping overcome local scepticism and developing positive forms of engagement with the police. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Howard Journal of Criminal Justice is the property of Wiley-Blackwell and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Ellonen, N., et al. (2018). "Free-text comments as a tool for developing the self-report method: Parents' responses to a survey on violence against children." Australian & New Zealand Journal of Criminology (Sage Publications Ltd.) 51(1): 58-75.
	Self-report measures are used to study the degree of victimisation in children that have experienced violence. Very little methodological attention is, however, paid to development of these measures. In this article, we will analyse parents' free-text comments in response to a self-report survey of their own violent behaviour towards their children. Themes presented by parents concerning violence against children as a phenomenon will be analysed and methodological input of these free-text comments in a self-report survey will be examined. Analysis is based on survey data collected in Finland in 2011 (N¼3170) including 2047 free-text comments. Based on the thematic analysis of those comments, four themes were phrased: making sense of the responses, defining violence, children and violence in society and experiencing exclusion. Parents' comments with respect to these themes reflected the complexity of what actually constitutes violence against children. Analysis also showed that free-text comments are a valuable and ethically sound tool for developing the self-report measure. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Australian & New Zealand Journal of Criminology (Sage Publications Ltd.) is the property of Sage Publications, Ltd. and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Ellonen, N., et al. (2011). "Adolescents' Experiences of Parental Violence in Danish and Finnish Families: A Comparative Perspective." Journal of Scandinavian Studies in Criminology & Crime Prevention 12(2): 173-197.
	International comparative analyses enable the identification of specific, national criminal problems and the assessment of the effects of national prevention strategies. We compare the prevalence and a number of background factors of adolescents' experiences of parental violence between Denmark and Finland based on school surveys conducted among ninth-grade students in 2008: these were The Danish Youth Health Survey with 3,943 respondents and The Finnish Child Victim Survey with 5,762 respondents. Experiences of parental violence include being exposed to maternal or paternal violence or being witness to violence against the mother or father at home. Overall, the prevalence of adolescents' experiences of parental psychological aggression and physical violence is relatively similar in Denmark and Finland. However, marked gender differences exist. Finnish girls more frequently report experiences of psychological aggression and physical violence than Danish girls, whereas Danish boys more frequently report experiences of psychological aggression than Finnish boys. Having witnessed physical violence against the mother or father and having been exposed to parental violence are both more frequently reported by Finnish than Danish youth. In both countries, experiencing parental violence is more correlated to a number of family-associated factors, such as inter-parental fighting, little confidentiality between the youth and parents, and poor supervision of the youth, than to traditional socio-economic factors. The study article provides evidence on the context-related nature of violence experiences. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Journal of Scandinavian Studies in Criminology & Crime Prevention is the property of Routledge and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Ellonen, N., et al. (2013). "Exposure to Parental Violence and Outcomes of Child Psychosocial Adjustment." Violence & Victims 28(1): 3-15.
	Prior research suggests that exposure to violence at home increases the likelihood of mental health problems in children. Studies have also shown that children exposed to violence are more prone to delinquent behavior and regular alcohol use. This study examines the effects of witnessing and experiencing physical violence at home on the psychosocial adjustment of children. Children who both witnessed and personally experienced physical violence exhibited the highest levels of adjustment problems. However, having either one of these risk factors was also associated with negative outcomes. The data are based on the Finnish Child Victim Survey 2008 with a sample of 13,459 students aged 12-13 years and 15-16 years. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Violence & Victims is the property of Springer Publishing Company, Inc. and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Ellonen, N. and T. Pösö (2011). "Violence Experiences in Care: Some Methodological Remarks based on the Finnish Child Victim Survey." Child Abuse Review 20(3): 197-212.
	The article examines violence experienced by children in substitute care and at home based on the survey results of the Finnish Child Victim Survey carried out in schools in 2008. The focus is on physical and psychological violence in conflict situations. Of the 13 459 respondents, pupils between 12 and 16 years of age, 233 children reported living in care or having lived in care. Children living in care were asked the same questions as children living at home about violence experienced by their care-taking adults. The analysis compares the answers between those two groups and examines them in relation to information about children's psychosocial problems and measures of emotional wellbeing. According to the study, children report more physical and psychological violence by adults in their homes than children do in residential homes or foster homes. Substitute care is not, however, free of violence. Children with psychosocial problems experienced more violence at home than in substitute care. The article suggests a more thorough conceptual and methodological analysis of abuse in care. The conceptual and methodological tools employed should be sensitive to the particular nature of abuse in care and the studies should pay attention to a variety of forms and practices of violence. Copyright © 2011 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Child Abuse Review is the property of John Wiley & Sons, Inc. and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Ellonen, N. and V. Salmi (2011). "Poly-Victimization as a Life Condition: Correlates of Poly-Victimization among Finnish Children." Journal of Scandinavian Studies in Criminology & Crime Prevention 12(1): 20-44.
	According to criminological literature, victimization tends to cluster among the same adolescents. Recent American studies have shown that the poly-victimized youth are different in terms of their whole victimization profile than those children with fewer or no victimization experiences. In this article poly-victimization is studied among Finnish sixth and ninth graders (n = 13,459) based on the Finnish Child Victim Survey 2008. The article will answer questions with regard to accumulation of victimization and its associations with children's psycho-social well-being. The study examines the individual and family level background characteristics which are related to poly-victimization. The accumulations of these risk factors are analysed with poly-victimized children compared with less or non-victimized children. According to the analysis, poly-victimization exists among Finnish children and adolescents. In addition, the characteristics indicated as risk factors of victimization seem to accumulate among poly-victims. With cross-sectional data, no causal conclusions can be made, but poly-victimization is related to higher levels of psycho-social problems. The results confirm earlier findings of poly-victimization as a life condition. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Journal of Scandinavian Studies in Criminology & Crime Prevention is the property of Routledge and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Erving, C. L. and O. Hills (2019). "Neighborhood Social Integration and Psychological Well-Being Among African Americans and Afro-Caribbeans." Race and Social Problems 11(2): 133-148.
	Using the National Survey of American Life, this study examines the impact of neighborhood social integration (i.e., contact with neighbors, participation in neighborhood organizations) on mental health (i.e., depressive symptoms, life satisfaction), and the extent to which these associations vary between African Americans (N = 3191) and Afro-Caribbeans (N = 1416). Results reveal that contact with neighbors was associated with greater life satisfaction for both African Americans and Afro-Caribbeans. However, for depressive symptoms, the two groups diverged. Among African Americans, neighbor contact was also associated with fewer depressive symptoms. However, for Afro-Caribbeans, participation in neighborhood groups was associated with fewer depressive symptoms. Thus, it appears that participation in neighborhood organizations is particularly salubrious for Afro-Caribbeans, while frequent contact with neighbors is health-protective for African Americans. This study contributes to a growing literature elucidating how ethnicity shapes the social experiences and psychological well-being of black Americans. In addition, these findings suggest that the neighborhood is a key socio-spatial context that should be included in the broader literature on social integration and health.

Esangbedo, D. O., et al. (2016). "Health-care workers' perspectives on Ebola virus vaccine: a focus group and in-depth interview interventional study." American Journal of Tropical Medicine and Hygiene 95(3): 654-662.
	Health-care workers (HCWs) will require Ebola virus vaccine (EVV) when it is introduced because of the high risk of exposure to the disease. Evaluations of factors that facilitate or limit vaccine uptake are critical for a successful vaccine program. Nigerian HCWs were interviewed to evaluate their knowledge, levels of acceptance, determinants of acceptance, and willingness to pay for EVV. The significance level was set at P≤0.05. None of the 193 participating HCWs had correct knowledge of EVV; 34.7% (67/193) of workers thought that EVV was an extract of the serum of Ebola virus patients. About 77.3% (51/66) of workers in a region that reported Ebola cases (Lagos) were willing to be vaccinated, compared with 4.7% (3/61) in Enugu and 13.6% (9/66) in Abia (P=0.0001). After health education, the proportion of HCWs willing to receive EVV increased (P=0.006) except for doctors (P&lt;0.1). The percentage of HCWs willing to pay for EVV was 86.4%, 72.1%, and 59% in Lagos, Enugu, and Abia, respectively. The workers had fears about EVV based on nonfactual assumptions. Therefore, the EVV introduction strategy should include a strong awareness campaign with adequate explanation about the content of EVV.

Esparza, D. P. and D. Hemenway (2019). "What is the level of household gun ownership in urban Mexico? An estimate from the first Mexican survey on gun ownership 2017." Injury Prevention 25(2): 93-97.
	Gun violence has increased in Mexico since the mid-2000s, but little is known about patterns of gun ownership. We examine the size and composition of the privately held urban firearm stock in Mexico, motivations for ownership, and attitudes about gun laws. To this end, a household telephone survey of 1361 adults living in nine Mexican cities was conducted in the summer of 2017. We find that few urban Mexican households contain guns. Most of those who report ownership possess one gun, having purchased it recently for self-defense. Few urban Mexican citizens plan to purchase a gun in the future. Respondents are more likely to believe that crime in Mexico would increase if guns were allowed in more places (ie, workplaces and motor vehicles). Evidence suggests urban Mexico has relative low rates of firearm ownership. Few city dwellers plan on obtaining a firearm in the near future.

Espelage, D. L., et al. (2018). "Alcohol, prescription drug misuse, sexual violence, and dating violence among high school youth." Journal of Adolescent Health 63(5): 601-607.
	Purpose: Sexual violence (SV), teen dating violence (TDV), and substance use are significant public health concerns among U.S. adolescents. This study examined whether latent classes of baseline alcohol and prescription drug misuse longitudinally predict SV and TDV victimization and perpetration (i.e., verbal, relational, physical/threatening, and sexual) 1 year later. Methods: Students from six Midwestern high schools (n=1,875; grades 9-11) completed surveys across two consecutive spring semesters. Latent class analysis was used to identify classes of individuals according to four substance use variables. A latent class regression and a manual three-step auxiliary approach were used to assess concurrent and distal relationships between identified classes and SV and TDV victimization and perpetration. Results: Three classes of substance use were identified: low/no use (41% of sample), alcohol only use (45%), and alcohol and prescription drug misuse (APD) (14%). Youth in the APD class experienced greater SV and TDV victimization and perpetration than the alcohol only class at baseline. At Time 2 (one year later), youth in the baseline APD class experienced significantly higher SV and TDV victimization and perpetration outcomes than youth in the alcohol only class with the exception of sexual and physical TDV perpetration. Conclusions: The misuse of both alcohol and prescription drugs emerged as a significant risk factor for later SV and TDV among adolescents. As such, it would be beneficial if future research continued to assess the nature of these associations and incorporate prescription drug use and misuse into heath education, substance use, and violence prevention programs.

Evans, S., et al. (2014). "Focussing on the future: Survey results on the image capture of patterned cutaneous injuries." Journal of Forensic & Legal Medicine 24: 7-11.
	Abstract: An investigator who is involved in assessing the likelihood of physical abuse must make a decision as to whether the injury seen matches the explanation given. In some instances the pattern of these injuries can give the investigator a possible link to the cause of the injury. Photographic imaging is used to record the patterned cutaneous injuries (PCI) and to facilitate forensic interpretation. The current method of capturing PCI often results in some form of distortion that causes a change to the shape of the patterned injury. The Dermatological Patterned Injury Capture and Analysis (DePICA) research group was formed to assess current image capture methods and practices. An online survey was set up to assess the value of localised imaging protocols and training specific to imaging PCI and was made available to law enforcement professionals, forensic investigators and hospital staff. 80 participants responded to the survey. The majority of the survey participants have had training in medical or forensic photography, however 66 (83%) have not had specific training in how to photograph PCI. 41 (51%) of the participants responded that they always use a rigid scale and 34 (43%) position the camera so that it is perpendicular to the scale and injury. Comments made about the quality of images obtained and produced raises concerns about how much knowledge those initiating such images have about image relevance in criminal cases. It is evident that a clear and comprehensive guide to photographing PCIs is required to improve the quality of the photographic evidence that is collected. [Copyright &y& Elsevier]
Copyright of Journal of Forensic & Legal Medicine is the property of Elsevier B.V. and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Facuri, C. d. O., et al. (2013). "Sexual violence: a descriptive study of rape victims and care in a university referral center in São Paulo State, Brazil. / Violência sexual: estudo descritivo sobre as vítimas e o atendimento em um serviço universitário de referência no Estado de São Paulo, Brasil." Cadernos de Saúde Pública 29(5): 889-898.
	Rape is a global public health problem, and steps have been taken to encourage studies on the issue and propose interventions for its prevention and appropriate care. This study aimed to characterize the population of female rape victims and describe the characteristics of the sexual assault and the care provided at a university referral center. This was a quantitative retrospective study of care provided to female rape victims from June 2006 to December 2010. The majority of the women (n=687) were white, single, had no children, with a mean age of 23.7 years and primary to secondary schooling, employed, and practiced a religion. One-fourth of the victims reported no sexual intercourse prior to the sexual assault. Rape occurred mainly at night, on the street, perpetrated by a single stranger, with vaginal penetration, and with threatened or actual force. Most of the victims had reported the rape to someone and felt supported. Early care occurred for almost 90% of women, allowing preventive measures. From 2006 to 2010 there was an increase in the proportion of women that sought help. Better knowledge of the characteristics of this group and the event itself can help improve the structure and functioning of models to assist rape victims.

Fagerlund, M. and N. Ellonen (2016). "Children’s Experiences of Completing a Computer-Based Violence Survey: Finnish Child Victim Survey Revisited." Journal of Child Sexual Abuse 25(5): 556-576.
	The involvement of children as research subjects requires special considerations with regard to research practices and ethics. This is especially true concerning sensitive research topics such as sexual victimization. Prior research suggests that reflecting these experiences in a survey can cause negative feelings in child participants, although posing only a minimal to moderate risk. Analyzing only predefined, often negative feelings related to answering a sexual victimization survey has dominated the existing literature. In this article children’s free-text comments about answering a victimization survey and experiences of sexual victimization are analyzed together to evaluate the effects of research participation in relation to this sensitive issue. Altogether 11,364 children, aged 11–12 and 15–16, participated in the Finnish Child Victim Survey in 2013. Of these, 69% (7,852) reflected on their feelings about answering the survey. Results indicate that both clearly negative and positive feelings are more prevalent among victimized children compared to their nonvictimized peers. Characteristics unique to sexual victimization as well as differences related to gender and age are also discussed. The study contributes to the important yet contradictory field of studying the effects of research participation on children. [ABSTRACT FROM PUBLISHER]
Copyright of Journal of Child Sexual Abuse is the property of Taylor & Francis Ltd and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Falb, K. L., et al. (2014). "Reproductive coercion and intimate partner violence among rural women in Côte d'Ivoire: a cross-sectional study." African Journal of Reproductive Health 18(4): 61-69.
	A growing body of U.S.-based research demonstrates that reproductive coercion is an important consideration regarding the negative health impacts of intimate partner violence (IPV). However, less work on IPV and reproductive coercion has been done in West African settings. Cross-sectional data of 981 women who participated in the baseline survey of a randomized-controlled trial in rural, Côte d'Ivoire in October 2010 were analyzed for specific reports of reproductive coercion. Half (49.8%) of all women reported lifetime physical or sexual IPV, and nearly 1 in 5 (18.6%) reported experiencing reproductive coercion. In the final adjusted analyses, lifetime IPV was associated with a 3.7 increase in odds of reporting reproductive coercion (95% CI: 2.4-5.8) compared to women who did not report such victimization. Study findings underscore the importance of reducing IPV in order to improve reproductive health among women in rural Côte d'Ivoire.

Falb, K. L., et al. (2013). "Violence against refugee women along the Thai-Burma border." International Journal of Gynecology & Obstetrics 120(3): 279-283.
	Objective: To document the prevalence and characteristics of conflict victimization and its associations with past-year intimate partner violence (IPV) among refugee women affected by the protracted conflict in Burma (Myanmar). Methods: A cross-sectional survey was conducted among 861 women living in 3 refugee camps along the Thai-Burma border from February to April 2008. Descriptive statistics were generated regarding experiences of conflict victimization and generalized estimating equations were used to determine the odds of reporting past-year IPV. Results: In all, 9.6% of partnered women reported conflict victimization and 7.9% of women reported experiencing past-year IPV. After accounting for demographic variables, women who experienced conflict victimization were 5.9 times more likely to report past-year IPV than women who had not experienced conflict victimization (95% confidence interval, 5.0-6.9). Conclusion: Given the strong association uncovered in the present study, interventions to reduce the negative effects of conflict victimization should incorporate other forms of violence prevention, including IPV. Future longitudinal research is needed to discern pathways through which these experiences are related.

Farrall, S., et al. (2012). "Using cognitive interviews to refine translated survey questions: an example from a cross-national crime survey." International Journal of Social Research Methodology 15(6): 467-483.
	Lately, social researchers have become increasingly interested and involved in comparative and cross-national research. In part this reflects a growing realisation that key social, economic and political processes are not merely ‘domestic’ but are common across countries and cultures. Although numerous good quality data sets now exist (e.g. the European Social Survey or International Social Survey Programme), in many instances researchers need to design their own bespoke comparative surveys. Such surveys require careful design if they are to produce meaningful data. Herein we introduce, outline and report on one technique which may usefully be employed in order to design better survey items for use in cross-national surveys. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of International Journal of Social Research Methodology is the property of Routledge and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Farrell, G. and P. J. Brantingham (2013). "The Crime Drop and the General Social Survey." Canadian Public Policy 39(4): 559-580.
	Most indicators including Uniform Crime Reports and the International Crime Victims Survey suggest that Canada has experienced a dramatic "crime drop" similar to other advanced countries. Yet Canada's General Social Survey (GSS), which ought to be the most methodologically sophisticated measure, suggests crime in this country has been stable or increasing. This study reviews the evidence. It concludes with the hypothesis that the GSS trends are misleading but that further research is needed to identify an explanation for this anomaly. Potential research and policy implications are discussed.

Farrell, G., et al. (2011). "The effectiveness of vehicle security devices and their role in the crime drop." Criminology & Criminal Justice: An International Journal 11(1): 21-35.
	Car theft in the UK fell two-thirds from the mid-1990s as part of more widespread crime drops, and has been attributed to improved vehicle security. This study develops a Security Impact Assessment Tool (SIAT) to gauge the contribution of individual security devices and their combination. The metric of impact derived is termed the Security Protection Factor (SPF). Cars with central locking plus an electronic immobilizer, and often an alarm, are found to be ‘SPF 25’, that is, they were up to 25 times less likely to be stolen than those without security. That impact is greater than expected from the individual contributions of those devices, and is attributed to interaction effects. Tracking devices are found to be particularly effective but rarer. Protective effects were greater against theft of cars than against theft from cars or attempts, almost certainly reflecting the difficulty imposed on thieves by electronic immobilizers. It is suggested that this type of analysis could be usefully extended to other crime types and security combinations. The analysis also lends support to a ‘security hypothesis’ component of an explanation for the major national and international crime drops that is based in the criminologies of everyday life. [ABSTRACT FROM PUBLISHER]
Copyright of Criminology & Criminal Justice: An International Journal is the property of Sage Publications, Ltd. and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Farrington, D. P. (2010). "Commentary on Pedersen and Skardhamar (2010): Does cannabis use predict non-drug offending?" Addiction 105(1): 119-120.
	In this article the author discusses his insights on the study by W. Pedersen and T. Skardhamar concerning the relation of cannabis use with acts of crime. He explores the methodologies used by the authors in obtaining data on their study. Furthermore, he presents the fallibility of the control for other drug model by the authors.

Farrington, D. P. (2015). "Prospective longitudinal research on the development of offending." Australian & New Zealand Journal of Criminology (Sage Publications Ltd.) 48(3): 314-335.
	This article reviews prospective longitudinal surveys of offending and their advantages and problems. It summarizes knowledge about criminal careers based on official records and self-reports. It documents major individual, family, socio-economic and neighbourhood risk factors, and reviews knowledge about intergenerational transmission, cross-national comparisons and protective factors. It also discusses research on the effects of life events on the course of development of offending. New prospective longitudinal surveys are recommended, with frequent assessments, and comparisons of criminal career features according to official records and self-reports. These surveys would make it possible to compare changes within individuals in risk factors and life events with later changes within individuals in offending. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Australian & New Zealand Journal of Criminology (Sage Publications Ltd.) is the property of Sage Publications, Ltd. and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Farrington, D. P., et al. (2009). "The Development of Offending from Age 8 to Age 50: Recent Results from the Cambridge Study in Delinquent Development." Die Entwicklung der Delinquenz zwischen dem Alter von 8 und 50 Jahren: Neue Ergebnisse aus der Cambridge Study in Delinquent Development. 92(2/3): 160-173.
	In the Cambridge Study in Delinquent Development, 411 males have been followed up from age 8 to age 50, in repeated personal interviews and criminal record searches. At age 48, 93 % of males were interviewed, and 41 % of males were convicted up to age 50. There were 39 self-reported offenses for every conviction, on average. This article summarizes criminal careers, childhood risk factors at age 8-10, and adult life success outcomes at age 48. Males who desisted from offending before age 21 were similar to unconvicted males in their life success at age 48. These results suggest that crime can be reduced by interventions that target early childhood risk factors. (English) [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Die Cambridge Study in Delinquent Development ist eine prospektive Studie, in der die strafrechtliche und dissoziale Verhaltensentwicklung von 411 Männern zwischen ihrem 8. und 50. Lebensjahr durch wiederholte persönliche Befragungen (zuletzt noch 93 % der Probanden) und Auskünfte aus dem Strafregister verfolgt wurde. Dieser Artikel fasst die kriminelle Karriere, die Risikofaktoren im Kindesalter (8 bis 10 Jahre) und die Faktoren einer erfolgreichen Lebensentwicklung im Alter von 48 Jahren zusammen. Bis zum Alter von 50 Jahren wurden 41 % der befragten Männer strafrechtlich verurteilt, und für jede strafrechtliche Verurteilung ergaben sich durchschnittlich 39 selbstberichtete Straftaten. Als stärkste Risikofaktoren erwiesen sich ein verurteiltes Familienmitglied, unzureichende elterliche Aufsicht, gestörte Familienverhältnisse, geringe Schulleistungen und home Risikofreudigkeit. Ein Vergleich des Lebenserfolges im Alter von 48 Jahren ergab, dass diejenigen Männer, die nach dem 21. Lebensjahr strafrechtlich nicht mehr verurteilt wurden, denjenigen vergleichbar waren, die nie strafrechtlich verurteilt worden waren. Diese Ergebnisse legen die Vermutung nahe, dass auf frühkindliche Risikofaktoren orientierte Interventionen die Kriminalität reduzieren können. (German) [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Monatsschrift fuer Kriminologie und Strafrechtsreform is the property of De Gruyter and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Fattah, E. A. (2010). "Quand recherche et savoir scientifique cèdent le pas à l'activisme et au parti pris." Criminologie 43(2): 49-88.
	Victimology, the study of the victim, emerged in the second half of the 20th century as a branch of criminology. Until then criminology was exclusively focused on crime and its perpetrators. But since most crimes are committed against a victim/target the study of the biter offered a holistic approach. It also offered the prospect of transforming the static criminological theories into dynamic theories incorporating the interactions between victim and victimizer and the situational dynamics in confrontational victimizations. The beginnings of Victimology were purely theoretical focusing on the victims of specific crimes, their role and their eventual contribution to the genesis of the crime. In the 1970's the micro approach that characterized early Victimology was eclipsed by a macro approach aimed at assessing the volume of victimization, particularly hidden and unreported victimization. Victimization surveys became quite popular and were carried out regionally, nationally and transnationally. They allowed researchers to collect a vast amount of data on crime victims and yielded some very interesting as welt as some unexpected findings. The last decades of the 20th century witnessed a major transformation in Victimology. The Victimology of the act gave way to a Victimology of action. The ideological transformation of victimology from the study of the victim into the art of helping victims, the over-identification with crime victims, and the missionary zeal with which the 'interests' of those victims are defended and pursued are quite manifest in victimology conferences and symposia. The missionary zeal exhibited by many victimologists on behalf and in the interest of crime victims is fraught with danger. First, it is jeopardizing the quality of scholarship and the scholarly stance of the discipline of victimology. As a result, victimology is increasingly being regarded as a humanitarian and ideological movement rather than a scientific discipline. Secondly, missionary zeal and partisan stance are moving criminal law and the criminal justice system into a punitive, retributive direction. There is also a third danger. Since the victim lobby has chosen to focus on traditional crimes rather than white-collar crime or acts of abuse of power, there has been a distinct shift of focus in research to the former type at the expense of the latter. Victims of white-collar crime, corporate crime and abuse of power have once again been relegated to the shadow. More serious still is yet another danger. In the diligent quest for victims' rights there seems to be a manifest or latent willingness to sacrifice offenders' rights. A false contest is thus created between the rights of both groups. So where is victimology heading ? Science and partisanship are incompatible. Once researchers take sides or become advocates they lose their neutrality, their objectivity and their credibility. This is a fundamental principle that should be seriously considered by those well-intentioned criminologists and victimologists who have adopted the cause of crime victims and who claim to speak on their behalf. The future of victimology wilt thus depend on its ability to return back to its original scientific mission, to shed its ideological mantle and to resume its role as a scholarly discipline and as an integral part of criminology. It is the need to separate research from action and science from activism that dictates that victimology be separated from victim policy. To restore its neutrality and to regain and maintain its scientific integrity victimology wilt have to detach itself from politics and ideology. (English) [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Populares al inicio de la victimología, los estudios individuales de víctimas de crímenes específicos fueron eclipsados en los años 1970 por investigaciones sobre victimización a gran escala : la perspectiva micro dejó su lugar al enfoque macro. El objetivo principal de estas investigaciones fue determinar el volumen de victimización, identificar la población fuente y establecer las características sociodemográficas de las víctimas de crímenes. Cada una de ellas constituye una mina de información sobre las víctimas y permite el análisis minucioso de modelos y de tendencias espaciotemporales para diversos tipos de victimización. En los tres últimos decenios del siglo XX, la victimología pasó por una metamorfosis tan importante como inquietante: su transformación ideológica se ha convertido en un obstáculo para el enriquecimiento y el avance científicos. La mutación ideológica de la victimología se manifiesta en las conferencias y simposios que se realizan en su nombre : el estudio de las víctimas cede su lugar al arte de ayudarlas, la identificación excesiva con las víctimas de crímenes y el celo de misionero con el que los "intereses" de la víctima se defienden, persiguen, etc. Todo lo cual señala un deslizamiento preocupante: de saber científico desapasionado, objetivo e imparcial, la victimología se ha convertido en un alegato político en ocasiones de un sectarismo declarado. El celo de misionero mostrado por algunos victimólogos en nombre del interés de las víctimas plantea diversos riesgos, algunos de los cuales se analizan en este artículo. (Spanish) [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Populaires à la naissance de la victimologie, les études individuelles de victimes de crimes spécifiques ont été éclipsées, dans les années 1970, par des enquêtes de victimisation à grande échelle, l'approche micro cédant alors la place à une approche macro. Le but premier de ces enquêtes consistait à déterminer le volume de victimisation, à identifier la population de victimes, ainsi qu'à établir leurs caractéristiques sociodémographiques. Chacune de ces enquêtes donne une mine d'informations sur les victimes et permet une analyse minutieuse des modèles et des tendances spatiotemporelles pour des types variés de victimisation. Lors des trois dernières décennies du XXe siècle, cependant, la victimologie a subi une métamorphose très importante mais aussi inquiétante. La transformation idéologique de la victimologie a été nuisible à l'enrichissement et au progrès de la victimologie scientifique. La mutation idéologique de la victimologie est manifeste dans les conférences et les symposia qui se tiennent en son nom: l'étude des victimes qui cède le pas à l'art de les aider, la sur-identification avec des victimes de crimes, le zèle du missionnaire avec lequel les «intérêts» de la victime sont défendus et poursuivis, etc. Tout cela signale un glissement préoccupant: de savoir scientifique dépassionné, non biaisé et impartial, la victimologie est devenue un plaidoyer politique tombé dans un sectarisme déclaré. Le zèle du missionnaire montré par de nombreux victimologues au nom et dans l'intérêt des victimes de crimes est lourd de dangers. Quelques-uns de ces dangers sont examinés dans le présent article. (French) [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Criminologie is the property of Presses de l'Universite de Montreal and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Fattah, E. A. (2010). "When research and scientific knowledge give way to activism and bias." Criminologie 43(2): 49-88.
	Victimology, the study of the victim, emerged in the second half of the 20th century as a branch of criminology. Until then criminology was exclusively focused on crime and its perpetrators. But since most crimes are committed against a victim/target the study of the latter offered a holistic approach. It also offered the prospect of transforming the static criminological theories into dynamic theories incorporating the interactions between victim and victimizer and the situational dynamics in confrontational victimizations. The beginnings of Victimology were purely theoretical focusing on the victims of specific crimes, their role and their eventual contribution to the genesis of the crime. In the 1970's the micro approach that characterized early Victimology was eclipsed by a macro approach aimed at assessing the volume of victimization, particularly hidden and unreported victimization. Victimization surveys became quite popular and were carried out regionally, nationally and transnationally. They allowed researchers to collect a vast amount of data on crime victims and yielded some very interesting as well as some unexpected findings. The last decades of the 20th century witnessed a major transformation in Victimology. The Victimology of the act gave way to a Victimology of action. The ideological transformation of Victimology from the study of the victim into the art of helping victims, the over-identification with crime victims, and the missionary zeal with which the 'interests' of those victims are defended and pursued are quite manifest in victimology conferences and symposia. The missionary zeal exhibited by many victimologists on behalf and in the interest of crime victims is fraught with danger. First, it is jeopardizing the quality of scholarship. and the scholarly stance of the discipline of victimology. As a result victimology is increasingly being regarded as a humanitarian and ideological movement rather than a scientific discipline. Secondly, missionary zeal and partisan stance are moving criminal law and the criminal justice system into a punitive, retributive direction. There is also a third danger. Since the victim lobby has chosen to focus on traditional crimes rather than white-collar crime or acts of abuse of power, there has been a distinct shift of focus in research to the former type at the expense of the latter. Victims of white-collar crime, corporate crime and abuse of power have once again been relegated to the shadow. More serious still is yet another danger. In the diligent quest for victims' rights there seems to be a manifest or latent willingness to sacrifice offenders' rights. A false contest is thus created between the rights of both groups. So where is victimology heading? Science and partisanship are incompatible. Once researchers take sides or become advocates they lose their neutrality, their objectivity and their credibility. This is a fundamental principle that should be seriously considered by those well-intentioned criminologists and victimologists who have adopted the cause of crime victims and who claim to speak on their behalf. The future of victimology will thus depend on its ability to return back to its original scientific mission, to shed its ideological mantle and to resume its role as a scholarly discipline and as an integral part of criminology. It is the need to separate research from action and science from activism that dictates that victimology be separated from victim policy. To restore its neutrality and to regain and maintain its scientific integrity victimology will have to detach itself from politics and ideology. Adapted from the source document.

Fear, N. T., et al. (2012). "Does anonymity increase the reporting of mental health symptoms?" BMC public health 12(797): (17 Se-(17 Se.
	Background: There is no doubt that the perceived stigma of having a mental disorder acts as a barrier to help seeking. It is possible that personnel may be reluctant to admit to symptoms suggestive of poor mental health when such data can be linked to them, even if their personal details are only used to help them access further care. This may be particularly relevant because individuals who have a mental health problem are more likely to experience barriers to care and hold stigmatizing beliefs. If that is the case, then mental health screening programmers may not be effective in detecting those most in need of care. We aimed to compare mental health symptom reporting when using an anonymous versus identifiable questionnaire among UK military personnel on deployment in Iraq. Methods: Survey among UK military personnel using two questionnaires, one was anonymous (n=315) and one collected contact details (i.e. identifiable, n=296). Distribution was by alternate allocation. Data were collected in Iraq during January-February 2009. Results: No significant difference in the reporting of symptoms of common mental disorders was found (18.1% of identifiable vs. 22.9% of anonymous participants). UK military personnel were more likely to report sub-threshold and probable PTSD when completing questionnaires anonymously (sub-threshold PTSD: 2.4% of identifiable vs. 5.8% of anonymous participants; probable PTSD: 1.7% of identifiable vs. 4.8% of anonymous participants). Of the 11 barriers to care and perceived social stigma statements considered, those completing the anonymous questionnaire compared to those completing the identifiable questionnaire were more likely to endorse three statements: "leaders discourage the use of mental health services" (9.3% vs. 4.6%), "it would be too embarrassing" (41.6% vs. 32.5%) and "I would be seen as weak" (46.6% vs. 34.2%). Conclusions: We found a significant effect on the reporting of sub-threshold and probable PTSD and certain stigmatizing beliefs (but not common mental disorders) when using an anonymous compared to identifiable questionnaire, with the anonymous questionnaire resulting in a higher prevalence of PTSD and increased reporting of three stigmatizing beliefs. This has implications for the conduct of mental health screening and research in the US and UK military.

Fear, N. T., et al. (2011). "Obesity in the United Kingdom armed forces: prevalence based on measured and self-reported data." Military Medicine 176(1): 44-49.
	Objectives: To assess the prevalence of obesity in the United Kingdom military and general population and the extent to which self-reported data underestimates obesity. Methods: Height and weight data from military personnel (measured data: 2,073 men, 308 women; self-reported data: 6,374 men, 609 women) and from the general population (measured data: 1,121 men, 1,396 women; self-reported data: 1,234 men, 1,543 women). Results: Obesity (defined as having a body mass index of 30+) was 6.2% in those under 25 years old and 24.5% in those over 35 years old in military males, and the prevalence of obesity was 12% in those under 25 years old and 25% in those over 35 years old in military women. Self-reported body mass index underestimated obesity. Conclusions: Obesity is uncommon in those under 25 years old in the United Kingdom military. The prevalence of obesity based on self-reported data underestimates true prevalence.

Fedina, L., et al. (2018). "Police violence among women in four U.S. cities." Preventive medicine 106: 150-156.
	Police violence has been identified as a public health concern in the U.S., yet few studies have assessed the prevalence and nature of police violence among women. Furthermore, increasing evidence suggests that women reporting intimate partner violence (IPV) and sexual violence (SV) to police are often met with harmful or neglectful police responses and thus, women's exposures to police violence may be associated with experiences of IPV and SV; however, this has not yet been empirically tested. This study assesses lifetime prevalence and sociodemographic correlates of police violence among women and investigates potential associations between IPV, SV, and police violence. A cross-sectional survey was administered in four Eastern U.S. cities in March and April 2016 (N=932). Physical, sexual, and psychological police victimization and neglect by police were assessed. Logistic regression was used to examine the relationship between IPV, SV, and police violence, adjusting for sociodemographics. Lifetime prevalence of physical (4%), sexual (3.3%), and psychological (14.4%) police violence and neglect (17.2%), show that a notable proportion of women experience police victimization, with significantly higher rates among racial and ethnic minority women. Women with IPV and SV histories had increased odds of experiencing most forms of police violence compared to women without IPV and SV histories. Findings suggest the need for gender-inclusive community-centered policing initiatives and other preventive efforts aimed at eliminating police violence. Police violence and victimization among women should also be considered in IPV and SV intervention and treatment responses.

Feehan, D. M., et al. (2017). "The Network Survival Method for Estimating Adult Mortality: Evidence From a Survey Experiment in Rwanda." Demography 54(4): 1503-1528.
	Adult death rates are a critical indicator of population health and well-being. Wealthy countries have high-quality vital registration systems, but poor countries lack this infrastructure and must rely on estimates that are often problematic. In this article, we introduce the network survival method, a new approach for estimating adult death rates. We derive the precise conditions under which it produces consistent and unbiased estimates. Further, we develop an analytical framework for sensitivity analysis. To assess the performance of the network survival method in a realistic setting, we conducted a nationally representative survey experiment in Rwanda (n = 4,669). Network survival estimates were similar to estimates from other methods, even though the network survival estimates were made with substantially smaller samples and are based entirely on data from Rwanda, with no need for model life tables or pooling of data from other countries. Our analytic results demonstrate that the network survival method has attractive properties, and our empirical results show that this method can be used in countries where reliable estimates of adult death rates are sorely needed.

Feinstein, Y. (2016). "Pulling the Trigger: How Threats to the Nation Increase Support for Military Action via the Generation of Hubris." Sociological Science 3: 317-334.
	Previous studies of public opinion in the United States have reported positive associations between national hubris and support for military actions. This article argues that in addition to its stable aspect, national hubris has a contextual aspect: under perceived symbolic threats to the nation, national hubris increases and boosts support for military action. To test this argument, which is grounded in a sociological and social psychological understanding of individuals as members of collectivities who pursue a symbolic politics of status achievement and maintenance, a survey-experiment was conducted with a nationally representative sample. In the experiment, participants who were exposed to rhetoric that highlighted symbolic threats to the nation to justify an impending military action against Iran's nuclear facilities reported higher levels of national hubris and were more likely to support the military action than either participants who were exposed to internationalist rhetoric or those in the control group.

Fell, J. C. (2018). "A community driving under the influence (DUI) study of declining arrests." Traffic Injury Prevention 19: S147-S151.
	<bold>Objective: </bold>Recent news reports in 2016 indicated that across Miami-Dade County, Florida, driving under the influence (DUI) arrests have decreased substantially. The objective of this research was to determine the reasons for the decline in DUI arrests from 2009 to 2016. Are there fewer impaired drivers on the roads? Can DUI enforcement and prosecution be improved?<bold>Methods: </bold>The following methods were used in this study: (1) Analysis of existing DUI arrest and crash data; (2) conducting and analysis of a telephone survey of reported knowledge, attitudes, and behaviors concerning impaired driving; (3) conducting and analysis of roadside surveys on the roads on weekend nights in Miami-Dade County; (4) information from focus group discussions with police and prosecutors in Miami-Dade County; and (5) a comprehensive review of the best DUI prevention practices and enforcement strategies used across the country.<bold>Results: </bold>DUI arrests decreased 64% in Miami-Dade County between 2009 and 2016. This was a significantly larger decrease than has occurred in the State of Florida as a whole (34%) and in the United States (29%) over the same time period. The decline was not due to any decline in DUI behavior in the county.<bold>Conclusions: </bold>Based upon the data and information gathered in this project, the following actions were recommended for Miami-Dade County: (1) County police chiefs need to find ways to overcome law enforcement apathy toward DUI enforcement and persuade their traffic enforcement officers to be proactive rather than reactive when it comes to identifying and making impaired driving stops. (2) County police agencies should join forces to conduct more sobriety checkpoints. Checkpoints are safer for both the police and the drivers going through them and serve as a general deterrent to impaired driving. (3) An interagency DUI task force or team of 5 to 7 officers should be established within the county. These officers would be solely dedicated to DUI enforcement and paid for by each individual agency or under a grant from the state or federal government. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Traffic Injury Prevention is the property of Taylor & Francis Ltd and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Feng, J.-Y., et al. (2010). "Kindergarten teachers’ experience with reporting child abuse in Taiwan." Child Abuse & Neglect 34(2): 124-128.
	Objective: The objectives were to examine factors associated with reporting child abuse among kindergarten teachers in Taiwan based on the Theory of Planned Behavior (TPB). Method: A stratified quota sampling technique was used to randomly select kindergarten teachers in Taiwan. The Child Abuse Intention Report Scale, which includes demographics, attitudes about child discipline, punishment for perpetrators, and professional responsibility for reporting, subjective norms regarding support for reporting from the general and specific important persons, perceived behavioral control, and vignettes of child abuse, was used to collect data. A total of 598 kindergarten teachers (return rate 47%) provided data. Results: While 97% of teachers reported having no experience with reporting a child abuse case, 11% indicated they had failed to report a suspected case of child abuse. Multiple regression revealed that, except for social norms, attitudes toward child discipline, punishments for perpetrators, and professional responsibility as well as perceived behavioral control explained 22.4% of variance of kindergarten teachers’ intention to report child abuse. Conclusions: With the exception of the subjective norms, the findings of this study supported the TPB that kindergarten teachers’ intention to report child abuse is associated with attitudes toward child discipline, punishment for perpetrators, professional responsibility, and perceived behavioral controls over reporting. This study revealed the problem of underreporting child abuse among kindergarten teachers in Taiwan, and highlighted the discrepancy between child abuse training and expected reporting outcomes suggesting an insufficiency in the current training programs on child abuse. Practice implications: There is a need to scrutinize the current training in child abuse and develop standardized training and clear reporting guidelines that will increase kindergarten teachers’ confidence when confronted with suspected victims and perpetrators of child abuse in Taiwan. [Copyright &y& Elsevier]
Copyright of Child Abuse & Neglect is the property of Pergamon Press - An Imprint of Elsevier Science and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Festl, R. and T. Quandt (2016). "The Role of Online Communication in Long-Term Cyberbullying Involvement Among Girls and Boys." Journal of Youth & Adolescence 45(9): 1931-1945.
	Digital media, especially mobile communication technologies, enable adolescents to explore and experiment with each other with only limited adult control. Conflicts between peers can be easily staged since nearly everybody can be reached at any time under the radar of authorities. Therefore, involvement in conflicts and bullying might depend on how adolescents use and behave online. In the present study, we provide a comprehensive picture of the role aspects of online communication play in long-term involvement in cyberbullying. We focused on a gender-specific perspective, as girls and boys were found to differ not only according to their online communication but also in their cyberbullying involvement. Using a two-wave panel survey of 1817 adolescents between 13 and 17 years (56 % female), we found that girls' cyberbullying involvement (perpetration and victimization) could be traced back to more intensive online social activities and a higher amount of online contact with strangers. In contrast, for boys, only higher exposure to antisocial media content predicted higher levels of victimization over time. The findings indicate that certain patterns of online communication increase the cyberbullying risk over time. However, it needs to be noted that these risk factors vary between girls and boys. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Journal of Youth & Adolescence is the property of Springer Nature and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Figueroa, J. P., et al. (2015). "Understanding the high prevalence of HIV and other sexually transmitted infections among socio-economically vulnerable men who have sex with men in Jamaica." PLoS ONE 10(2): e0117686-e0117686.
	Objectives: This study estimates HIV prevalence among men who have sex with men (MSM) in Jamaica and explores social determinants of HIV infection among MSM. Design: An island-wide cross-sectional survey of MSM recruited by peer referral and outreach was conducted in 2011. A structured questionnaire was administered and HIV/STI tests done. We compared three groups: MSM who accepted cash for sex within the past 3 months (MSM SW), MSM who did not accept cash for sex (MSM non-SW), and MSM with adverse life events (ever raped, jailed, homeless, victim of violence or low literacy). Results: HIV prevalence among 449 MSM was 31.4%, MSM SW 41.1%, MSM with adverse life events 38.5%, 17 transgender MSM (52.9%), and MSM non-SW without adverse events 21.0%. HIV prevalence increased with age and number of adverse life events (test for trend P&lt;0.001), as did STI prevalence (P=0.03). HIV incidence was 6.7 cases/100 person-years (95% CI: 3.74, 12.19). HIV prevalence was highest among MSM reporting high-risk sex; MSM SW who had been raped (65.0%), had a STI (61.2%) and who self identified as female (55.6%). Significant risk factors for HIV infection common to all 3 subgroups were participation in both receptive and insertive anal intercourse, high-risk sex, and history of a STI. Perception of no or little risk, always using a condom, and being bisexual were protective. Conclusion: HIV prevalence was high among MSM SW and MSM with adverse life events. Given the characteristics of the sample, HIV prevalence among MSM in Jamaica is probably in the range of 20%. The study illustrates the importance of social vulnerability in driving the HIV epidemic. Programs to empower young MSM, reduce social vulnerability and other structural barriers including stigma and discrimination against MSM are critical to reduce HIV transmission.

Finkelhor, D., et al. (2011). "School, police, and medical authority involvement with children who have experienced victimization." Archives of Pediatrics & Adolescent Medicine 165(1): 9-15.
	Objective: To obtain national estimates of the degree to which school, police, and medical authorities are involved after children experience violence, abuse, and crime victimizations. Design: A cross-sectional, national telephone survey involving a target sample of 4549 children and youth conducted from January 1, 2008, through May 31, 2008. Setting: Contiguous United States. Participants: Children and adolescents aged 10 to 17 years and the parents of children aged 0 to 9 years. Outcome Measures: Conventional crime, maltreatment, abuse by peer and siblings, sexual abuse, and witnessing and indirect exposure to violence. Results: A total of 45.7% of children and adolescents who had experienced violence in the past year had at least 1 of their victimization incidents known to school, police, or medical authorities. For serious victimizations, such as sexual abuse by an adult, kidnapping, and gang assaults, authorities knew about 70.1% or more of the incidents. Awareness, however, was low for peer and sibling victimizations, dating violence, and completed and attempted rape. In general, school authorities knew about victimizations more often (42.3%) than police (12.7%) or medical authorities (1.8%). However, police were the most likely to know about kidnapping, neglect, and sexual abuse by any adult. Medical authorities were most likely to know about sexual abuse by any adult, gang assault, physical abuse by a caretaker, and assault with a weapon. Conclusions: More incidents of victimization and abuse appear to be known to authorities currently than was the case in a comparable 1992 survey, but officials should improve at identifying a large quantity of victimizations of children and adolescents that appear to go undetected.

Finkelhor, D., et al. (2014). "The lifetime prevalence of child sexual abuse and sexual assault assessed in late adolescence." Journal of Adolescent Health 55(3): 329-333.
	Purpose: To estimate the likelihood that a recent cohort of children would be exposed to sexual abuse and sexual assault by age 17 in the United States. Methods: This analysis draws on three very similarly designed national telephone surveys of youth in 2003, 2008, and 2011, resulting in a pooled sample of 708 17-year-olds, 781 15-year-olds, and 804 16-year-olds. Results: The lifetime experience of 17-year-olds with sexual abuse and sexual assault was 26.6% (95% confidence interval [CI] 19.8-33.5) for girls and 5.1% (95% CI 2.6-7.6) for boys. The lifetime experience with sexual abuse and sexual assault at the hands of adult perpetrators exclusively was 11.2% (95% CI 6.4-16.1) for females and 1.9% (95% CI .5-3.4) for males. For females, considerable risk for sexual abuse and assault was concentrated in late adolescence, as the rate rose from 16.8% (95% CI 11.5-22.2) for 15-year-old females to 26.6% (95% CI 19.8-33.5) for 17-year-old females. For males, it rose from 4.3% (95% CI 1.9-6.8) at 15 years to 5.1% (2.6-7.6) at 17 years. Conclusions: Self-report surveys in late adolescence reveal high rates of lifetime experience with sexual abuse and sexual assault at the hands of both adults and peers. Because of high continuing victimization during the late teen years, assessments are most complete when conducted among the oldest youth.

Finkelhor, D., et al. (2009). "Violence, abuse, and crime exposure in a national sample of children and youth." Pediatrics 124(5): 1411-1423.
	OBJECTIVE: The objective of this research was to obtain national estimates of exposure to the full spectrum of the childhood violence, abuse, and crime victimizations relevant to both clinical practice and public-policy approaches to the problem. METHODS: The study was based on a cross-sectional national telephone survey that involved a target sample of 4549 children aged 0 to 17 years. RESULTS: A clear majority (60.6%) of the children and youth in this nationally representative sample had experienced at least 1 direct or witnessed victimization in the previous year. Almost half (46.3%) had experienced a physical assault in the study year, 1 in 4 (24.6%) had experienced a property offense, 1 in 10 (10.2%) had experienced a form of child maltreatment, 6.1% had experienced a sexual victimization, and more than 1 in 4 (25.3%) had been a witness to violence or experienced another form of indirect victimization in the year, including 9.8% who had witnessed an intrafamily assault. One in 10 (10.2%) had experienced a victimization-related injury. More than one third (38.7%) had been exposed to 2 or more direct victimizations, 10.9% had 5 or more, and 2.4% had 10 or more during the study year. CONCLUSIONS: The scope and diversity of child exposure to victimization is not well recognized. Clinicians and researchers need to inquire about a larger spectrum of victimization types to identify multiply victimized children and tailor prevention and interventions to the full range of threats that children face.

Finkelhor, D., et al. (2014). "Upset among youth in response to questions about exposure to violence, sexual assault and family maltreatment." Child Abuse & Neglect 38(2): 217-223.
	Abstract: To assess whether youth are upset by being asked questions about sensitive kinds of abuse, victimization, family maltreatment, and sexual victimization in the course of standard epidemiological surveys. A national sample of youth aged 10–17 were interviewed on the telephone by experienced interviewers as part of the National Survey of Children Exposed to Violence. At the end they were asked whether answering questions had upset them. Of the youth interviewed, 4.5% reported being at all upset and 0.8% reported being pretty or a lot upset. However, only a minority of those upset, .3% of the total sample, said they would not participate again had they known about the content. But even in this group, the regret about participation was mostly due to the length of the survey, not the types of questions being asked. Thus, asking about exposure to abuse and sensitive kinds of victimization in standard interview surveys is associated with low levels of respondent upset due to the nature of the questions. [Copyright &y& Elsevier]
Copyright of Child Abuse & Neglect is the property of Pergamon Press - An Imprint of Elsevier Science and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Firth, E. R., et al. (2011). "Pregnant women's beliefs, expectations and experiences of antenatal ultrasound in Northern Tanzania." African Journal of Reproductive Health 15(2): 91-107.
	This qualitative study explored pregnant women's beliefs, expectations and experiences of the recently introduced antenatal ultrasound service in BomaNg'ombe hospital, Tanzania. Thematic analysis of 25 semi-structured interviews and 41 questionnaires was employed. The majority of women desired ultrasonography despite many not understanding the procedure or purpose. Patient's expectations included discovering fetal position, fetal sex and pregnancy problems. However, women frequently over-estimated the capacity of ultrasound, and had significant fears of harm. One sixth of questionnaire respondents said they did not want ultrasonography. Nonetheless since the service was introduced no woman has declined, and numerous interviewees believed scans were obligatory. Despite fears, some women reported enjoyment of ultrasound. Interviewees believed ultrasound would increase antenatal care (ANC) attendance. An informed consent policy and an education campaign are needed to reduce fears and maximise uptake and health gains. The effects of ultrasound availability on timely ANC uptake, including amongst women not currently accessing ANC, should be further researched.

Fisher, B. S. (2009). "The Effects of Survey Question Wording on Rape Estimates: Evidence From a Quasi-Experimental Design." Violence against women 15(2): 133-147.
	The measurement of rape is among the leading methodological issues in the violence against women field. Methodological discussion continues to focus on decreasing measurement errors and improving the accuracy of rape estimates. The current study used a quasi-experimental design to examine the effect of survey question wording on estimates of completed and attempted rape and verbal threats of rape. Specifically, the study statistically compares self-reported rape estimates from two nationally representative studies of college women's sexual victimization experiences, the National College Women Sexual Victimization study and the National Violence Against College Women study. Results show significant differences between the two sets of rape estimates, with National Violence Against College Women study rape estimates ranging from 4.4% to 10.4% lower than the National College Women Sexual Victimization study rape estimates. Implications for future methodological research are discussed. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Violence Against Women is the property of Sage Publications Inc. and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Fisher, W. A., et al. (2013). "Barriers to human papillomavirus vaccine acceptability in Israel." Vaccine 31(Suppl. 8): I53-I57.
	Barriers to human papillomavirus (HPV) vaccine acceptability in Israel include Israel's relatively low incidence of cervical cancer; the religiously-based 80% circumcision rate in Israel, which is regarded as contributing to the lower incidence of HPV infection in the country; the fact that HPV vaccine provides immunity against only few virus types; the vaccine's high cost; and the perception that HPV transmission is associated with unacceptable sexual relations. A recent survey has demonstrated that, following media two campaigns, Israeli's level of awareness of the vaccine increased but the actual vaccination rate remained low, at approximately 10%. Survey findings also indicated that an enduring barrier to HPV vaccination is the vaccine's high cost. Recent research on a convenience sample of Israeli undergraduate women 21 to 24 years of age showed that intentions to receive HPV vaccination in the coming year were a function of women's attitudes towards getting vaccinated and their perceptions of social support for doing so. Undergraduate women who intended to be vaccinated perceived the prevention of cervical cancer, avoidance of personal health threat, and avoidance of HPV infection per se to be the advantages of undergoing HPV vaccination. Disadvantages of getting vaccinated included fear of vaccine side effects, cost of the vaccine, and newness of the vaccine, doubts about vaccines, time required to undergo multiple vaccinations, and dislike of injections. Friends', mothers' and physicians' recommendations influenced women's intentions to be vaccinated in the coming year as well.

Flair, L. N. l., et al. (2013). "Childhood abuse and neglect and transitions in stages of alcohol involvement among women: a latent transition analysis approach." Drug and Alcohol Dependence 132(3): 491-498.
	Background: Childhood abuse and neglect have been linked with alcohol disorders in adulthood yet less is known about the potential of early trauma to influence transitions in stages of alcohol involvement among women. Study aims were to (1) identify stages of women's alcohol involvement, (2) examine the probability of transitions between stages, and (3) investigate the influence of four domains of childhood abuse and neglect (sexual abuse, physical abuse, neglect, and witness to domestic violence), assessed individually and as poly-victimization, on transitions. Methods: The sample consisted of 11,750 adult female current drinkers identified in Wave 1 (2001-2002) and re-interviewed in Wave 2 (2004-2005) of the National Epidemiological Survey on Alcohol and Related Conditions. Results: Three stages of alcohol involvement emerged from latent class analysis of 11 DSM-IV abuse/dependence criteria: severe (1.5% at Wave 1, 1.9% at Wave 2), hazardous (13.6% at Wave 1, 16.0% at Wave 2), and non-problem drinking (82.1% at Wave 1, 84.5% at Wave 2). Adjusted latent transition analyses determined transition probabilities between stages across waves. Women reporting any childhood abuse and neglect were more likely to advance from the non-problem drinking class at Wave 1 to severe (AOR=3.90, 95% CI=1.78-8.53) and hazardous (AOR=1.56, 95% CI=1.22-2.01) drinking classes at Wave 2 relative to women without this history. Associations were also observed between individual domains and transition from no problems to severe alcohol stage. Conclusions: Results suggest a long-term impact of childhood abuse and neglect as drivers of progression in women's alcohol involvement.

Fleetwood, J., et al. (2015). "Shorter sentences for drug mules: The early impact of the sentencing guidelines in England and Wales." Drugs: Education, Prevention & Policy 22(5): 428-436.
	Aims: In February 2012, new sentencing guidelines for drug offences became effective in all courts in England and Wales. An explicit aim was to reduce the length of sentences for drug “mules” and so make them more proportionate.Methods: This article examines their early impact drawing on data from the Court Proceedings Database and the Crown Court Sentencing Survey for importing/exporting a Class A drug.Findings: Overall, the guidelines have achieved their intended aim. The length of the average custodial sentence for drug trafficking fell following the introduction of the guidelines, largely due to taking defendants' roles into account. Notably, three-quarters of those in “lesser” roles received sentences less than four years, representing an important change. Nonetheless, around 10% of mules received very long sentences due to the continued use of drug weight in sentencing.Conclusion: The new guidelines represent an internationally important innovation in drug policy reform. [ABSTRACT FROM PUBLISHER]
Copyright of Drugs: Education, Prevention & Policy is the property of Taylor & Francis Ltd and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Fleming, L. C. and K. H. Jacobsen (2010). "Bullying among middle-school students in low and middle income countries." Health Promotion International 25(1): 73-84.
	This analysis of data from the Global School-based Student Health Survey examined the prevalence of bully victimization in middle-school students in 19 low- and middle-income countries and also explored the relationship between bullying, mental health and health behaviors. In most countries, boys were more likely than girls to report being bullied and the prevalence of bullying was lower with increasing age. Students who reported being bullied in the past month were more likely than non-bullied students to report feelings of sadness and hopelessness, loneliness, insomnia and suicidal ideation. Bullied students also reported higher rates of tobacco use, alcohol use, drug use and sexual intercourse.

Fone, D., et al. (2012). "Change in alcohol outlet density and alcohol-related harm to population health." BMC public health 12(428): (12 June 2012)-(2012 June 2012).
	Background: Excess alcohol consumption has serious adverse effects on health and violence-related harm. In the UK around 37% of men and 29% of women drink to excess and 20% and 13% report binge drinking. The potential impact on population health from a reduction in consumption is considerable. One proposed method to reduce consumption is to reduce availability through controls on alcohol outlet density. In this study we investigate the impact of a change in the density of alcohol outlets on alcohol consumption and alcohol-related harms to health in the community. Methods/Methods: A natural experiment of the effect of change in outlet density between 2005-09, in Wales, UK; population 2.4 million aged 16 years and over. Data on outlets are held by the 22 local authorities in Wales under The Licensing Act 2003. The study outcomes are change in (1) alcohol consumption using data from annual Welsh Health Surveys, (2) alcohol-related hospital admissions using the Patient Episode Database for Wales, (3) Accident & Emergency department attendances between midnight - 6 am, and (4) alcohol-related violent crime against the person, using Police data. The data will be anonymously record-linked within the Secure Anonymised Information Linkage Databank at individual and 2001 Census Lower Super Output Area levels. New methods of network analysis will be used to estimate outlet density. Longitudinal statistical analysis will use (1) multilevel ordinal models of consumption and logistic models of admissions and Accident & Emergency attendance as a function of change in individual outlet exposure, adjusting for confounding variables, and (2) spatial models of the change in counts/rates of each outcome measure and outlet density. We will assess the impact on health inequalities and will correct for population migration. Discussion: This inter-disciplinary study requires expertise in epidemiology and public health, health informatics, medical statistics, geographical information science, and research into alcohol-related violence. Information governance requirements for the use of record-linked data have been approved together with formal data access agreements for the use of the Welsh Health Survey and Police data. The dissemination strategy will include policy makers, in national and local government. Public engagement will be through The Clinical Research Collaboration-Cymru "Involving People" network, which will provide input into the implementation of the research.

Fonseca, A. M., et al. (2009). "Alcohol-related domestic violence: a household survey in Brazil. / Padrões de violência domiciliar associada ao uso de álcool no Brasil." Revista de Saúde Pública 43(5): 743-749.
	OBJECTIVE: To describe situations of domestic violence committed by perpetrators under the influence of alcohol in the largest Brazilian cities. METHODS: A household survey was carried out in the 108 Brazilian cities with more than 200,000 inhabitants in 2005. A multistage probabilistic self-weighted sample stratified in terms of conglomerate units was performed in three selection stages: census tracts, households, and respondents (population between 12 and 65 years old). The instrument to collect the data was the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration, with questions on sociodemographics and psychotropic drug abuse. RESULTS: The survey encompassed 7,939 households. In 33.5% of them there were reports of domestic violence, 17.1% out of which involving intoxicated perpetrators. The most frequently reported types of violence associated with the use of alcohol were: arguments among the people in the household (81,8%), loud arguments not aimed at a specific person (70.9%), threats of assault (39.5%), and breaking households objects (38.7%). The respondents also reported physical assault (27.8%), physical assault with weapon (5.5%), and sexual abuse (3.2%). More than half of perpetrators lived in the household and 88.8% were male. Most of the victims were female (63.9%); 33.9% were wives and 18.2% were children. In terms of recidivism, 14.1% of the cases lasted for a period between 1 and 5 years, and in 14.3% they lasted for over a decade. Most of the victims (86%) and perpetrators (77.9%) did not look for the help of either the health services or the police. CONCLUSIONS: In addition to the considerable number of Brazilian households with a history of violence involving intoxicated abusers, this kind of abuse has many specific characteristics. The low rate for the search for help at the health services/police stations point to the importance of actively identifying cases of domestic violence.

Forster, A. S., et al. (2017). "Development and validation of measures to evaluate adolescents' knowledge about human papillomavirus (HPV), involvement in HPV vaccine decision-making, self-efficacy to receive the vaccine and fear and anxiety." Public Health 147: 77-83.
	Objectives: We describe the development and validation of measures of human papillomavirus (HPV)/HPV vaccination knowledge, fear/anxiety about vaccination, involvement in HPV vaccine decision-making, and self-efficacy with regard to getting the vaccine, designed to evaluate the efficacy of an intervention to affect these domains (collectively termed the HAVIQ: HPV Adolescent Vaccine Intervention Questionnaire). Study design: Literature search, cognitive interviews and cross-sectional survey. Methods: A literature search identified existing items that were modified for the present measures. Experts reviewed draft measures for face and content validity. Cognitive interviews with adolescents were also used to assess content validity. Adolescents completed the measures and an internal reliability analysis of each measure was performed. Results: The four experts concurred that the measures had face validity. Cognitive interviews identified items requiring refinement. Content validity was examined with ten experts and was deemed acceptable. There were 1800 adolescents who completed the measures; Cronbach's alpha was &gt;0.6 for three of the four measures. The four final measures are brief, comprising 25 items in total. Conclusions: The measures are robustly developed and validity-tested. The HAVIQ may be used in research settings to evaluate adolescents' knowledge and experiences of the process of HPV vaccination in a school-based vaccination programme.

Forster, A. S., et al. (2015). "Girls' explanations for being unvaccinated or under vaccinated against human papillomavirus: a content analysis of survey responses." BMC public health 15(1278): (22 December 2015)-(2022 December 2015).
	Background: In England HPV vaccination is offered to all girls age 12-13 years, free-at-the-point-of-receipt, mostly in schools. Coverage is good, but around 20% of girls remain unvaccinated. This research sought to explore reasons for being un-/under vaccinated. Methods: An ethnically diverse sample of girls aged 15-16 years attending one of twelve London schools completed a survey three years after being offered HPV vaccination. Girls reported their HPV vaccine status and those who were unvaccinated (had not received any doses of the vaccine) or under vaccinated (had not completed the recommended 3-dose course) recorded reasons for their un-/under vaccinated status. Reasons were reported using free-text and content analysis was used to analyse responses. Results: Around 74% of un-/under vaccinated girls provided a reason for their vaccination status (n=259). Among unvaccinated girls, the most common reasons related to lack of perceived need for vaccination, concerns about safety and lack of parental consent. Girls who were under vaccinated gave practical reasons, including the need for more information (e.g. not knowing that multiple doses were needed), administrative issues (e.g. school absence), health and procedural concerns (e.g. fear of needles). Descriptively, there were few differences in the reasons given between girls from different ethnic backgrounds. Girls from Black and Asian backgrounds more commonly thought that the vaccine was not needed. Lack of parental consent without providing further explanation was most often cited by girls from Black backgrounds. Conclusions: Safety concerns and lack of perceived need should be addressed to encourage informed uptake of HPV vaccination. Immunisation programme coordinators may be able to increase series completion by tackling practical problems facing under vaccinated girls.

Foster, J. H., et al. (2009). "The Licensing Act 2003: a step in the right direction?" Journal of Substance Use 14(2): 113-123.
	The Licensing Act 2003 (covering England and Wales) introduced greater flexibility to the UK licensing laws, including the possibility of 24-h licenses. This paper reports a nation wide survey of 225 (63%) local authority chairs of licensing committees/senior members of licensing teams in England evaluating the short-term impact of the Act. A cumulative impact (saturation) area was only declared in 38 (17%) local authorities. Extended hours applications were more common than new applications in both on- and off-licensed premises. The perception of those surveyed was of 'no change' in the following alcohol-related variables; public noise levels (n=133, 59%) violence and fights (n=130, 60%), under-aged drinking (n=143, 67%), crime (n=141, 68%), and drink-driving (n=157, 86%). Contrary to the picture often presented in certain parts of the mass-media, the impact of the Licensing Act appears to be neutral. However, these are likely to be the result of a number of intervening factors, rather than the change to a more liberalized licensing regime. The role of the police would seem to be fundamental. Future research will need to disentangle the impact of these intervening factors and it will be a number of years before the impact of these changes can be assessed.

Foster, L., et al. (2019). "Older people and Social Quality – what difference does income make?" Ageing and Society 39(11): 2351-2376.
	This article explores the relationship between Social Quality and income in later life and represents the first application of the concept to a United Kingdom data-set with an explicit focus on older people. In order to undertake this analysis, confirmatory factor analysis models are employed in conjunction with the British Household Panel Survey (BHPS). This enables various dimensions or domains of Social Quality to be measured and then subjected to further scrutiny via regression analysis. Initially, the paper explores links between low income, poverty and older people, prior to outlining the concept of Social Quality and its four conditional factors. Following the methodology, the impact of income on Social Quality domains is explored. We identify that differences in income in older age provide a partial explanation of differences in individual Social Quality. While there is a statistically significant relationship between income and certain aspects of Social Quality such as economic security, altruism, social networks and culture/participation, other factors such as health, identity and time did not have a statistically significant relationship with income. This indicates that improvements in the income of older people are likely to positively impact on aspects of their Social Quality. Finally, some policy implications of the finding are outlined with particular reference to the potential role for pensions in enhancing aspects of Social Quality in retirement.

Frade, S. and N. d. Wet-Billings (2019). "The relationship between women's experience of Intimate Partner Violence and other socio-demographic factors, and under-5 children's health in South Africa." PLoS ONE 14(11): e0225412-e0225412.
	Women in South Africa experience high levels of Intimate Partner Violence (IPV). There are numerous health consequences experienced by victims. However, children of IPV victims often experience negative emotional and developmental outcomes as well. In South Africa, infant and child health outcomes are not optimal and IPV is high, and thus there is a need to determine whether a relationship between them exists. This study used the 2016 South African Demographic and Health Survey. Mothers aged 15 to 49 and who were included in the Domestic Violence module formed the study population. Frequency tables and graphs were done, and unadjusted and adjusted logistic regressions were performed with each of the three reported child health outcomes (birth weight, duration of breastfeeding and diarrhoea incidence), IPV and other socio-demographic factors. Thirteen percent of women have experienced IPV. Five percent of their children were low birth weight, 10% had experienced diarrhoea; but 87% had been breastfed for 6+ months. Mothers in the rich wealth category were 37% more likely to have a child born at low birth weight but those aged 20 to 39 had around a 60% less likelihood of breastfeeding for 6+ months than 15 to 19-year olds. Women who had experienced IPV had around 77% higher odds of having a child experience diarrhoea in the last 2 weeks. Wealthier mothers often have unhealthier lifestyle practices and behaviours, due to more disposable income which could account for lower birth weight children. Mothers in tertiary education and starting their professional careers are normally around 20 to 39 years and should be provided supportive structures to be allowed to breastfeed their children. The long-term emotional and developmental consequences to children of IPV victims are known, but we now know that there are also very immediate consequences to the health of these children as well.

Franc, K. A., et al. (2018). "Brucellosis remains a neglected disease in the developing world: a call for interdisciplinary action." BMC public health 18(125): (11 January 2018)-(2011 January 2018).
	Background: Brucellosis is an endemic zoonotic disease in most of the developing world that causes devastating losses to the livestock industry and small-scale livestock holders. Infected animals exhibit clinical signs that are of economic significance to stakeholders and include reduced fertility, abortion, poor weight gain, lost draught power, and a substantial decline in milk production. In humans, brucellosis typically manifests as a variety of non-specific clinical signs. Chronicity and recurring febrile conditions, as well as devastating complications in pregnant women are common sequelae. Discussion: In regions where the disease is endemic, brucellosis has far-reaching and deleterious effects on humans and animals alike. Deeply entrenched social misconceptions and fear of government intervention contribute to this disease continuing to smolder unchecked in most of the developing world, thereby limiting economic growth and inhibiting access to international markets. The losses in livestock productivity compromise food security and lead to shifts in the cognitive competency of the working generation, influence the propagation of gender inequality, and cause profound emotional suffering in farmers whose herds are affected. The acute and chronic symptoms of the disease in humans can result in a significant loss of workdays and a decline in the socioeconomic status of infected persons and their families from the associated loss of income. The burden of the disease to society includes significant human healthcare costs for diagnosis and treatment, and non-healthcare costs such as public education efforts to reduce disease transmission. Conclusion: Brucellosis places significant burdens on the human healthcare system and limits the economic growth of individuals, communities, and nations where such development is especially important to diminish the prevalence of poverty. The implementation of public policy focused on mitigating the socioeconomic effects of brucellosis in human and animal populations is desperately needed. When developing a plan to mitigate the associated consequences, it is vital to consider both the abstract and quantifiable effects. This requires an interdisciplinary and collaborative, or One Health, approach that consists of public education, the development of an infrastructure for disease surveillance and reporting in both veterinary and medical fields, and campaigns for control in livestock and wildlife species.

Francis, M. R., et al. (2018). "Factors associated with routine childhood vaccine uptake and reasons for non-vaccination in India: 1998-2008." Vaccine 36(44): 6559-6566.
	Background: Despite almost three decades of the Universal Immunization Program in India, a little more than half the children aged 12-23 months receive the full schedule of routine vaccinations. We examined socio-demographic factors associated with partial-vaccination and non-vaccination and the reasons for non-vaccination among Indian children during 1998 and 2008. Methods: Data from three consecutive, nationally-representative, District Level Household and Facility Surveys (1998-99, 2002-04 and 2007-08) were pooled. Multinomial logistic regression was used to identify individual and household level socio-demographic variables associated with the child's vaccination status. The mother's reported reasons for non-vaccination were analyzed qualitatively, adapting from a previously published framework. Results: The pooled dataset contained information on 178,473 children 12-23 months of age; 53%, 32% and 15% were fully vaccinated, partially vaccinated and unvaccinated respectively. Compared with the 1998-1999 survey, children in the 2007-2008 survey were less likely to be unvaccinated (Adjusted Prevalence Odds Ratio (aPOR): 0.92, 95%CI=0.86-0.98) but more likely to be partially vaccinated (aPOR: 1.58, 95%CI=1.52-1.65). Vaccination status was inversely associated with female gender, Muslim religion, lower caste, urban residence and maternal characteristics such as lower educational attainment, non-institutional delivery, fewer antenatal care visits and non-receipt of maternal tetanus vaccination. The mother's reported reasons for non-vaccination indicated gaps in awareness, acceptance and affordability (financial and non-financial costs) related to routine vaccinations. Conclusions: Persisting socio-demographic disparities related to partial-vaccination and non-vaccination were associated with important childhood, maternal and household characteristics. Further research investigating the causal pathways through which maternal and social characteristics influence decision-making for childhood vaccinations is needed to improve uptake of routine vaccination in India. Also, efforts to increase uptake should address parental fears related to vaccination to improve trust in government health services as part of ongoing social mobilization and communication strategies.

Franco, S. A., et al. (2017). "Suicide in university students in Bogotá, Colombia, 2004-2014." Ciência & Saúde Coletiva 22(1): 269-278.
	We report the results of a retrospective, descriptive, qualitative study of suicide among university students in Bogotá, Colombia. The objective of this study was to document the magnitude, principal characteristics, and impact of this phenomenon in the selected population. A semi-structured survey was employed to collect information from 66 individuals linked to the universities. A total of 45 cases of suicide were documented in the study period (2004 - 2014). Of these, 69% occurred in males and 31% in females. The age range was 17 - 27 years, with 62% of the cases in the 19 - 22 year-old group. The most common mechanisms employed were suffocation and poisoning, followed by intentional falls, use of a firearm, and drug overdose. The selected location was the place of residence in 52% of cases and the university campus in 16% of cases. The distribution of students by area of knowledge showed a predominance of social and human science (44%) followed by engineering (22%). A history of difficulties in family and affective relationships was common among victims, as was a history of exposure to intolerance of differences in sexual orientation. The individuals surveyed expressed a wide range of interpretations of the significance of suicide, both positive (courage, self-affirmation, autonomy) and negative (defeat, despair, and an inability to adapt).

Franke, J. and J. Simonson (2018). "Social Justice Beliefs Regarding Old-Age Provisions in Germany: A Latent Profile Analysis." Social Justice Research 31(2): 182-205.
	Examining personal beliefs about social justice in the way a society provides financial security in old age may reveal potential conflicts about the distribution of wealth. Individuals differ with regard to how they believe old-age provisions should be distributed (e.g., based on principles of merit or self-reliance), and individuals often endorse more than one belief at the same time. Using latent profile analysis and data from the 2014 German Ageing Survey we identify five separate profiles of social justice beliefs among older adults (40-85 years) in Germany. Belief profiles were based on the extent to which people simultaneously endorse and/or reject meritocratic, redistributive, self-reliant, and fatalistic ideas regarding old-age provisions. Almost 20% of the sample demonstrated a belief system in line with the German meritocratic system. Roughly three-fifth did not show strong preferences for a specific social justice principle. However, we identified two belief profiles representing 22.4% of the sample which may reflect dissent from the current system. Sociodemographic characteristics, political identification, and indicators of social disadvantage (e.g., lower income, fears of decline in social status, and feelings of social exclusion) were differentially associated with the five belief profiles. Overall, the results showed that in particular people of lower socioeconomic status were critical with respect to the principles of the German pension system raising questions regarding the demand of political interventions. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Social Justice Research is the property of Springer Nature and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Franklin, C. A. (2010). "The Effect of Victim Attitudes and Behaviors on Sexual Assault Victimization Severity: An Examination of University Women." Women & Criminal Justice 20(3): 239-262.
	The current study investigates a number of theoretically relevant victim characteristics to determine their impact on sexual assault victimization severity. Ordinary least squares regression analysis of survey responses from a sample of 204 university women indicated significant relationships between many of the variables of interest and increases in victimization severity. In particular, risk-taking behavior, delayed victim response strategies to sexual risk, increased number of lifetime sexual partners, and more frequent exposure to pornographic media significantly correlated with increasingly more severe forms of sexual assault. Future research directions and policy implications are discussed. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Women & Criminal Justice is the property of Taylor & Francis Ltd and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Franqueira, V. N. L., et al. (2018). "Investigation of Indecent Images of Children cases: Challenges and suggestions collected from the trenches." Digital Investigation 24: 95-105.
	Previous studies examining the investigative challenges and needs of Digital Forensic (DF) practitioners have typically taken a sector-wide focus. This paper presents the results of a survey which collected text-rich comments about the challenges experienced and related suggestions for improvement in the investigation of Indecent Images of Children (IIOC) cases. The comments were provided by 153 international DF practitioners (28.1% survey response rate) and were processed using Thematic Analysis. This resulted in the identification of 4 IIOC-specific challenge themes, and 6 DF-generic challenges which directly affect IIOC. The paper discusses these identified challenges from a practitioner perspective, and outlines their suggestions for addressing them. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Digital Investigation is the property of Elsevier B.V. and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Franzese, R. J., et al. (2014). "Adolescent exposure to violence and adult physical and mental health problems." Child Abuse & Neglect 38(12): 1955-1965.
	Evidence on the relationship of adolescent exposure to violence (AEV) with adult physical and mental health problems is limited, with studies often focusing on earlier childhood rather than adolescence, and also on short term rather than long term outcomes. Information specifically on the relationship of AEV to seeking help for mental health problems in adulthood from either formal sources such as mental health professionals or informal sources such as friends and clergy is even more difficult to find. The present study investigates how adolescent exposure to violence (AEV), in the form of parental physical abuse, witnessing parental violence, and exposure to violence in the neighborhood, are related to self-reported adult physical problems and seeking formal or informal assistance with mental health, controlling for more general adolescent violent victimization and for self-reports and parent reports of mental health problems in adolescence. This study adds to the literature on AEV and adult physical problems, and provides a rare look at the relationship of AEV to adult help-seeking for mental health problems. The results suggest that AEV is associated with mental health problems in adolescence for both females and males, that for females AEV is related to physical problems and to seeking help for mental health problems in adulthood, but for males the only significant relationship involves inconsistent reports of witnessing parental violence and adult physical problems. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Child Abuse & Neglect is the property of Pergamon Press - An Imprint of Elsevier Science and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Franzin, L. C. d. S., et al. (2012). "Domestic violence against children and adolescents: prevalence in the southern city of Brazil. / Violência doméstica contra crianças e adolescentes: prevalência em cidade do sul do Brasil." Colloquium Vitae 4(2): 79-84.
	The aim of this study was to investigate domestic violence against children and adolescents in Curitiba-Pr. It was realized a descriptive exploratory research, with quantitative approach. It was analyzed the notification register basis of the Protection Network of children and adolescents at risk of violence in Curitiba-Brazil, 2004-2009. The variables included the socio-demographic profile of the victims, types of violence, origin of notification, information about the aggressor, severity of the case, injuries. The data had been stored in the software EPI-INFO and analyzed by software SPSS 17.0. It was analyzed the frequency distribution and associations between variables, using chi-square test, with the level of significance of 5%. The 19.316 notifications showed a prevalence of 88.4 of domestic violence, with 17,082 cases, as neglect with 9,742 notifications (57.0%). From the total, 43.9% of the cases were considered serious, the most affected age was 5 to 14 years old, with balance between genders. Among aggressors, the mother was the most important in cases of negligence. The physical sequels (20.2%) mainly reached head, arms and legs, characterized as bruising, cuts, and fractures. It was concluded that, in the studied period, domestic violence had greater visibility in this city, with more notifications of neglect. It is important to increase politics on domestic violence prevention, with continuous violence and family support strategies, supporting victims, family and aggressors.

Frenk, S. and J. Trinitapoli (2013). "U.S. Congregations' Provision of Programs or Activities for People Living with HIV/AIDS." AIDS & Behavior 17(5): 1829-1838.
	Using data from a nationally representative sample of U.S. congregations, this study estimates the proportion of congregations that provide programs or activities that serve people living with HIV/AIDS (PLWHA) and examines the effects of congregational characteristics on the likelihood of having them. The analysis finds that 5.6% (95% confidence interval [CI], 0.034-0.078) of U.S. congregations (roughly 18,500 (95% CI, 11,300-25,800) congregations) provide programs or activities to PLWHA. Numerous congregational characteristics increase the likelihood that congregations provide them: the presence of openly HIV positive people in the congregation, having a group that assesses their community's needs, religious tradition, and openness to gays and lesbians. By building on previous research, this study provides further information about the scope of religious congregations' involvement with PLWHA and also insight into which congregations may be willing to collaborate with other organizations to provide care for PLWHA. (English) [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Utilizando datos de una muestra nacional representativa de las congregaciones de los EEUU, este estudio estima el porcentaje de las congregaciones que ofrecen programas o actividades que atienden a personas que viven con VIH/SIDA (PVVS Personas Viviendo con VIH y SIDA) y examina los efectos de las caracteristicas de la congregación, en la probabilidad que les afectan. El análisis revela que el 5,6% (95% intervalo de confianza [IC], 0.034 a 0.078) de las congregaciones de EE.UU. (alrededor de 18.500 (IC 95% 11.300-25.800) congregaciones) ofrecen programas o actividades para las PVVS. Muchas características de la congregación aumentan la probabilidad que las congregaciones ofrecen: la presencia de personas abiertamente VIH positivas en la congregación, la presencia de un grupo que evalúa las necesidades de su comunidad, la tradición religiosa, y la aceptación a los gays y lesbianas. Al basarse en la investigación anterior, este estudio provee más información sobre el alcance de la participación de las congregaciones religiosas con las PVVS y también comprender cuales congregaciones pueden estar dispuestas a colaborar con otras organizaciones para brindar atención a las PVVS. (Spanish) [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of AIDS & Behavior is the property of Springer Nature and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Frey, J., et al. (2013). "Survey of animal bite injuries and their management for an estimate of human rabies deaths in N'Djaména, Chad." Tropical Medicine and International Health 18(12): 1555-1562.
	Objective: To estimate the annual human rabies incidence as a baseline prior to mass dog vaccination campaigns in N'Djaména, Chad. Methods: Survey of animal bites, involving 50% of all healthcare providers in N'Djaména, from September 2008 to April 2009. Of 86 people exposed to a suspected rabid animal, 50% received post-exposure vaccination and a further 8% had their wound cleaned. We estimated annual incidence of bites from suspected rabid animals of 12.9/100 000 and an incidence of 0.7 human rabies deaths/100 000, resulting in 7 estimated deaths (95% confidence interval 4-10 deaths) per year in N'Djaména. 14% of bite victims sought help from veterinarians. Conclusions: Closer cooperation between physicians and veterinarians warrants more effective rabies control. The high proportion (42%) of potentially exposed people without post-exposure vaccination or wound treatment necessitates urgent attention.

Fridh, M., et al. (2018). "Subjective health complaints and exposure to peer victimization among disabled and non-disabled adolescents: a population-based study in Sweden." Scandinavian Journal of Public Health 46(2): 262-271.
	Aims: To investigate subjective health complaints (SHCs) (psychological and somatic, respectively) among disabled and non-disabled adolescents, focusing on the impact of traditional bullying and cyber harassment, and furthermore to report psychological and somatic SHCs across different types of disability. Methods: Data from the public health survey of children and adolescents in Scania, Sweden, 2012 was used. A questionnaire was answered anonymously in school by 9791 students in the 9th grade (response rate 83%), and 7533 of these with valid answers on key questions were included in this study. Associations with daily SHCs were investigated by multi-adjusted logistic regression analyses. Results: Any disability was reported by 24.1% of boys and 22.0% of girls. Disabled students were more exposed to cyber harassment (boys: 20.0%; girls: 28.2%) than non-disabled peers (boys: 11.8%; girls: 18.1%). Exposure to traditional bullying showed the same pattern but with a lower prevalence. Disabled students had around doubled odds of both daily psychological SHCs and daily somatic SHCs in the fully adjusted models. In general, the odds increased with exposure to cyber harassment or traditional bullying and the highest odds were seen among disabled students exposed to both cyber harassment and traditional bullying. Students with ADHD/ADD had the highest odds of daily psychological SHCs as well as exposure to traditional bullying across six disability types. Conclusions: Disabled adolescents report poorer health and are more exposed to both traditional bullying and cyber harassment. This public health issue needs more attention in schools and in society in general.

Fridh, M., et al. (2019). "Associations between self-injury and involvement in cyberbullying among mentally distressed adolescents in Scania, Sweden." Scandinavian Journal of Public Health 47(2): 190-198.
	Aims: To investigate associations between self-injury and involvement in cyberbullying as a bully, victim or bully-victim among mentally distressed adolescents. Methods: Data from the public health survey of children and adolescents in Scania, Sweden 2016 were used. A questionnaire was answered anonymously in school by 9143 students in 9th grade compulsory school (response rate 77%) and 7949 students in 2nd grade of upper secondary school (response rate 73%). Students with past year (broadly defined) mental distress at least 2 weeks in a row (33% of boys and 63% of girls) were asked if they had performed self-injury (i.e. cut, superficially cut or otherwise injured themselves) past year, and those with data on self-injury and cyberbullying were included in the present study (n=6841). Associations between self-injury and cyberbullying were investigated by multiadjusted logistic regression analysis. Results: Among mentally distressed students, self-injury was reported by 11.7% of boys and 25.9% of girls. Age-adjusted analysis showed increasingly higher odds of self-injury among cyberbullies, cybervictims and cyberbully-victims, using non-involved as reference group (OR boys: 1.8, 2.3, 3.0; girls: 2.1, 3.2, 4.8). Associations weakened after adjustment for several potential confounders but remained significant for all cyberbullying groups except male cyberbullies, among whom significance was lost after adjustment for smoking, alcohol and narcotics. Conclusions: Peer victimization in cyber space is associated with self-injury, especially among victims and bully-victims. Decreasing peer victimization is a priority, and school and health professionals need to be aware of the associations between cyberbullying and self-injury among mentally distressed adolescents.

Froberg, B. A., et al. (2019). "Temporal and geospatial trends of adolescent intentional overdoses with suspected suicidal intent reported to a state poison control center." Clinical Toxicology 57(9): 798-805.
	Background: In the United States, adolescent suicide attempts are increasing. Indiana has the highest rate of adolescent suicidal ideation in the US. Using the National Poison Data System (NPDS), we analyzed Indiana's increase in suicide attempts by poisoning. Methods: Utilizing NPDS and Toxicall data repositories, we selected 10-19 year-old intentional overdose cases with suspected suicidal intent from 2006-2016. Age, sex, outcome, involved substances and case volume by weekday and month were assessed. Geospatial analysis of the proportion of cases by county was also performed. To determine the association between known social determinants of health and adolescent intentional overdose cases with suspected suicidal intent, we correlated county-wide statistics from the County Health Rankings and Roadmaps dataset from 2010-2016 with the proportion of teen suicide cases by county. Results: Over the eleven years, adolescent intentional overdoses with suspected suicidal intent cases significantly increased starting in 2012 (p-value &lt;.001). The majority of cases (73.7%) involved females with an average age of 15.96±0.27 years. Monday and Tuesday had the highest rates and Saturday had the lowest. June and July had the lowest case rate while November had the highest. The most commonly involved agents were over-the-counter analgesics and antidepressants. Geospatial analysis shows an increased number of cases in the northern third of the State. Among county statistics analyzed, only violent crime was associated, albeit intermittently, with the 11-year proportion of adolescent intentional overdoses with suspected suicidal intent by county. Conclusions: Intentional overdoses with suspected suicidal intent involving adolescent females are significantly increasing. These rates correlate with the school schedule with summer months and weekends having a lower frequency of calls. We did not find associations between county wide social determinants of care with the exception of violent crime. Further studies are needed to establish the factors that might better predict adolescents at risk for suicide.

Fröberg, F., et al. (2013). "Psychosocial health and gambling problems among men and women aged 16-24 years in the Swedish National Public Health Survey." European Journal of Public Health 23(3): 427-433.
	Background: This study aimed to explore the association between psychosocial health, gambling and gambling problems in a nationally representative sample of Swedish youth aged 16-24 years. Another aim was to examine whether these associations were different between young men and women. Methods: Data were from the cross-sectional Swedish National Public Health Survey in 2004-07. With a response rate of 60.1%, the sample consisted of 19 016 youth. Using a sex-stratified multinomial logistic regression, we estimated associations between psychosocial health variables and gambling and gambling problems. Results: Among males, we found that the higher the alcohol consumption, the higher the likelihood of gambling and gambling problems. Men with high alcohol consumption had an almost four times higher likelihood of gambling problems than men with no or low alcohol consumption (OR 3.94, 95% CI: 2.17-7.14). Moreover, young male victims of violence were more than twice as likely to have gambling problems than non-victims (OR 2.35, 95% CI: 1.39-3.99). Among young women, we found an inverse association between high alcohol consumption and gambling problems (OR 0.15, 95% CI: 0.05-0.44), opposite that of the young men. Furthermore, psychological distress (OR 6.15, 95% CI: 2.15-17.60) and suicidality (OR 2.88, 95% CI: 1.16-7.17) were associated with higher probabilities of gambling problems among young women. Conclusion: Alcohol use, violence victimization and poor mental health are associated with gambling problems among Swedish youth, however, with important sex differences. Prevention of youth gambling should consider sex differences and psychosocial health in addition to gambling.

Frutos, A. M. and R. M. Merrill (2017). "Explicit Sexual Movie Viewing in the United States According to Selected Marriage and Lifestyle, Work and Financial, Religion and Political Factors." Sexuality & Culture 21(4): 1062-1082.
	The purpose of the current study was to evaluate explicit sexual movie use among men and women in the United States according to relationship, lifestyle, work, financial, religious, and political factors. Analyses involved 11,372 adults who responded to questions about demographics and explicitly sexual movie use in the General Social Survey (GSS) from 2000 to 2014. Viewing of an explicit sexual movie in the previous year was significantly greater in men than women (35 vs. 16%); Blacks than Whites (33 vs. 22%); and never married (41 vs. 18% married, 31% separated, and 24% divorced). It also decreased with older age, higher education, and more children in the household. After model adjustment for these variables, viewing an explicit sexual movie was associated with a number of relationship, lifestyle, financial, religious, political, and other variables. For example, viewing such movies was related to less happiness in marriage, multiple sex partners in past year, less satisfaction with one’s financial situation, no religious preference, and a more liberal political orientation. The effect of some variables on pornography viewing differed between men and women. For example, out of men and women who consider themselves to be “not spiritual”, men were more likely to view pornography than women. Explicit sexual movie viewing is associated with factors from diverse domains, including poorer relationship quality, more liberal sexual views and practices, poorer economic conditions, lower religious orientation or commitment, and more liberal political views.

Fuchs, W., et al. (2016). "Vom Wert quantitativer Methoden für eine kritische Kriminologie." Quantitative Methods and their Value for a Critical Criminology. 48(1): 5-23.
	In a first step, we explore the epistemological objections of critical and cultural criminology to the use of crime statistics and self-report or victim surveys, rejecting the mere possibility of counting and measuring criminality. As opposed to a naïve use of quantitative data and methods in criminology, we suggest the use of reflexive- quantitative research strategies beyond the positivist reification of criminalisation processes. These considerations are underpinned by positive examples showing how to fruitfully use quantitative data and research methods in the critical analysis of penal policies. Finally, we examine new forms of “governing by numbers" and the role of criminology in contemporary society. (English) [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Der Beitrag ergründet eingangs die Skepsis, die in der Kritischen Kriminologie und der Cultural Criminology dem Zählen und Messen von Kriminalität bzw. der Anwendung quantitativer sozialwissenschaftlicher Methoden entgegengebracht wird. Es werden die erkenntnistheoretischen Einwände und politischen Vorbehalte gegen Bestimmungen der Kriminalitätslage anhand amtlicher Statistiken sowie ergänzender Surveys im Dunkelfeld dargestellt. Dem werden Strategien reflexiv quantitativen Arbeitens jenseits von Positivismus und Affirmation des Kriminalisierungsgeschehens gegenübergestellt. Beispiele quantitativer Studien, die für die kritische Analyse von gesellschaftlicher Kontroll- und Sanktionspolitik ertragreich sind, werden präsentiert. Abschließend wird dem „Regieren mit Zahlen“ als moderner Herrschaftstechnik Aufmerksamkeit gewidmet. Hier stellt sich die Frage der zeitgemäßen Beteiligung kriminologischer ExpertInnen, ihrer Kompetenzen und Aufgaben. (German) [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Kriminologisches Journal is the property of Julius Beltz GmbH & Co. KG Beltz Juventa and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Fulu, E., et al. (2013). "Prevalence of and factors associated with male perpetration of intimate partner violence: findings from the UN Multi-country Cross-sectional Study on Men and Violence in Asia and the Pacific." Lancet Global Health 1(4): e187-e207.
	Background: Male perpetration of intimate partner violence (IPV) is under-researched. In this Article, we present data for the prevalence of, and factors associated with, male perpetration of IPV from the UN Multi-country Cross-sectional Study on Men and Violence in Asia and the Pacific. We aimed to estimate the prevalence of perpetration of partner violence, identify factors associated with perpetration of different forms of violence, and inform prevention strategies. Methods: We undertook standardised population-based household surveys with a multistage representative sample of men aged 18-49 years in nine sites in Bangladesh, China, Cambodia, Indonesia, Sri Lanka, and Papua New Guinea between January, 2011, and December, 2012. We built multinomial regression models of factors associated with lifetime violence perpetration: physical IPV, sexual IPV, both physical and sexual IPV, multiple emotional or economic IPV versus none, and calculated population-attributable fractions. In the analysis, we considered factors related to social characteristics, gender attitudes and relationship practices, victimisation history, psychological factors, substance misuse, and participation in violence outside the home. Findings 10 178 men completed interviews in our study (between 815 and 1812 per site). The response rate was higher than 82.5% in all sites except for urban Bangladesh (73.2%) and Sri Lanka (58.7%). The prevalence of physical or sexual IPV perpetration, or both, varied by site, between 25.4% (190/746; rural Indonesia) and 80.0% (572/714; Bougainville, Papua New Guinea). When multiple emotional or economic abuse was included, the prevalence of IPV perpetration ranged from 39.3% (409/1040; Sri Lanka) to 87.3% (623/714; Bougainville, Papua New Guinea). Factors associated with IPV perpetration varied by country and type of violence. On the basis of population-attributable fractions, we show factors related to gender and relationship practices to be most important, followed by experiences of childhood trauma, alcohol misuse and depression, low education, poverty, and involvement in gangs and fights with weapons. Interpretation: Perpetration of IPV by men is highly prevalent in the general population in the sites studied. Prevention of IPV is crucial, and interventions should address gender socialisation and power relations, abuse in childhood, mental health issues, and poverty. Interventions should be tailored to respond to the specific patterns of violence in various contexts. Physical and sexual partner violence might need to be addressed in different ways.

Gadit, A. A. M., et al. (2014). "Reported experiences of stalking behavior from patients towards psychiatrists from the Atlantic provinces of Canada." British Journal of Medicine and Medical Research 4(22): 3990-4003.
	Aim: A study was conducted to assess the magnitude of stalking experienced by psychiatrists, its' effects and actions taken to ameliorate the problem. Methods: A cross sectional study to assess the magnitude of stalking the consequent effects on the psychological, social and occupational life of psychiatrists; and any preventative measure taken was conducted from July 2009-April 2010. A questionnaire was sent to 301 psychiatrists practicing in Atlantic Canada. Local Ethics approval was obtained. Results: Of the 308 psychiatrists sent surveys, 116 responded (37.6%; 67 males and 47 females). One questionnaire was invalid. (Twenty-nine (15 males and 14 females) reported experiences of stalking. Fifty-eight (50.4%) were above age 50, 49(42.6%) were between ages 35-50 and (8) 7% were younger than 35. In the study cohort, 39(33.6%) psychiatrists were in pure clinical practice, 4(3.4%) were in academic practice and 71(61.2%) had combined clinical and academic practice. Among the subspecialties, 73(62.9%) psychiatrists were practicing general adult psychiatry, 19(16.4%) were child and adolescent psychiatrists, 6(5.2%) in geriatric psychiatry, 4(3.4%) in consultation-liaison, 5(4.3%) in forensic, 1(0.9%) in developmental disability and 7(6.0%) were in other psychiatric specialties. Of 115 psychiatrists, 53(46.1%) were in practice for more than 15 years, 16 (13.9%) were from 11-15 years, 29 (25.2%)-from 5 to 10 years and 17(14.8%) were in practice for less than 5 years. There was no significant differences [OR (Odds Ratio values), p-values &gt;0.05)] in reported stalked for age or length of psychiatric practice. However, there was strong association of stalking with the distress experienced by the psychiatrists (p=0.00). Conclusion: The problem of stalking does exist in the Atlantic Provinces of Canada and causes immense psychological, professional and social distress among psychiatrists who fall victim to stalking behavior. The majority of mental health professionals are unaware of any laws against stalking in Canada. There is a need for more effective education, support services and redress if we are to ameliorate the burden associated with stalking behaviours.

Gallagher, F., et al. (2012). "Requesting cesareans without medical indications: an option being considered by young Canadian women." Birth 39(1): 39-47.
	Background: Cesarean delivery on maternal request is a worldwide growing phenomenon. The goal of this study was to describe young nulliparous women's attitudes about cesarean delivery on maternal request. Methods: A total of 140 nulliparous women in Canada aged between 18 and 24 years and attending school from the vocational (n=53), college (n=61), and university (n=18) levels (n=8 other) participated in the survey. The self-administered questionnaire consisted of 23 open-ended questions. The outcome measure was the participant's attitude toward cesarean delivery on maternal request. Descriptive, bivariate, and multiple regression analyses were performed. Results: Many of the respondents (63%) had previously heard about cesarean delivery on maternal request, and of these women 28.6 percent had a favorable attitude toward the procedure. Sociodemographic variables were not associated with participants' attitudes toward cesarean delivery on maternal request except for place of residence and type of professional preferred for pregnancy care. Thinking that vaginal birth was more painful than cesarean delivery (p=0.012) and had more consequences for the mother (p&lt;0.001) were related to a positive attitude toward cesarean delivery on maternal request. A positive attitude by peers was also associated with participants' favorable attitude toward cesarean delivery on maternal request (p&lt;0.001). The overall predictive success of the model was 66.5 percent. Conclusions: Young women are spreading the word about cesarean delivery on maternal request and may influence one another about their preferred delivery method. During prenatal visits practitioners need to address women's fear of vaginal birth and its consequences for the mother, counseling, and women's understanding of the consequences of cesarean delivery. This study supports the urgent need to systematically document cesarean delivery on maternal request as a medical procedure and to study its prevalence and related factors.

Gamble, L. (2016). "Are we doing enough and how can vets help? Rabies surveillance, stray dogs and disease control." European Journal of Companion Animal Practice 26(1): 4-9.
	Rabies is a fatal zoonosis, mainly transmitted through bites of dogs infected with rabies. The disease occurs in over 150 countries wide, with over one third of victims (25,000) in India, in particular in children. The disease is entirely preventable by vaccinating dogs and by a solid epidemiological approach.

Gan´czak, M., et al. (2015). "Concerns of occupational HIV infection among surgical staff in the light of anti-HIV sero-status and the distribution of A32 allele of the CCR5 gene: a cross-sectional study." Przeglad Epidemiologiczny 69(4): 699-849 (Pl).
	Surgical staff might be considered at most risk of accidental viral infection due to their higher exposure to blood. AIM. To evaluate surgical staff concerns about occupational HIV infection, to determine contributing factors, to assess their sero-status regarding this pathogen, and the frequency of the Δ32 allele of the CCR5 gene. METHODS. With the use of a self-administered anonymous questionnaire a cross-sectional sero-survey was conducted from February 2009-January 2010 among doctors/nurses from the surgical/gynaecological wards of 16 randomly selected hospitals in Western Pomerania, Poland. Fear level was measured by the use of the VAS scale (range 0-10). Serum samples were tested by ELISA. Genotyping was performed using a PCR-AFLP assay. RESULTS. Response rate 84.9%; 427 participants, 88.3% females; 84.8% nurses, 15.2% doctors (median age 42 years, range 22-61 years). More than two thirds of respondents (67.2%) overestimated HIV single exposure risk. The median level of occupational HIV fear was 6.67. The prevalence of anti-HIV was 0.0% (95%CI: 0-0.9%); 1.2% (95%CI: 0.5%-2.9%) of participants were homozygotes Δ32/Δ32. The stepwise regression model revealed that job category (nurse) was associated with HIV fear (p&lt;0.001). CONCLUSIONS. The risk of contracting occupational HIV infection remains low; no anti-HIV positive individuals were found among surgical staff, one in one hundred were resistant to HIV infection. Staff members, especially nurses, were much concerned with acquiring an occupational HIV infection, possibly due to the lack of knowledge on single exposure risk. Educational actions and better access to specialists which would help surgical staff in managing anxiety at the workplace is urgently needed.

Garba, A., et al. (2014). "Hospital records (2006-2013) of dogbite cases and laboratory confirmation of dog rabies in Niger State, Nigeria." International Journal of Animal and Veterinary Advances 6(2): 87-91.
	The hospital records of dog bite cases reported to the government hospitals across Niger State between January, 2006 and July, 2013 were investigated. Additionally, records of animal samples submitted to the National Veterinary Research Institute (NVRI), Vom-Nigeria for confirmatory rabies diagnosis during same period were investigated. Data on dog bite victims including year/month of bite, sex of victims, age and sites of bite were retrieved and analyzed using descriptive statistics. Results indicated that a total of 223 cases were recorded with the highest number (40 cases) recorded in 2012 and the least (10 cases) recorded in 2013. Higher proportions of victims (66.8%) were males and 46.2% of victims were children below the age of 15 years. Majority (81.3%) of bite was inflicted on the legs and then to some extent (14.3%) on the hands. A total of 1976 animal samples were submitted to NVRI, Vom for rabies diagnosis during the reporting period with 55.6% being confirmed positive but none was submitted from Niger State. Considering that over 81% of bite sites occurred on the legs, it suggests a possible prolong incubation period of rabies in victims. This may enhance misdiagnosis of rabies due to none or poor follow up of dog bite victims in our society. Similarly, non-submission of animal samples to NVRI, Vom from Niger State for rabies diagnosis suggest non-surveillance of rabies in the state. Enhanced surveillance of animal and human rabies in the state and Nigeria at large is highly recommended.

Gargano, L. M., et al. (2011). "Correlates of 2009 pandemic H1N1 influenza vaccine acceptance among middle and high school teachers in rural Georgia." Journal of School Health 81(6): 297-303.
	BACKGROUND: Teachers play an essential role in the school community, and H1N1 vaccination of teachers is critical to protect not only themselves but also adolescents they come in contact within the classroom through herd immunity. School-aged children have a greater risk of developing H1N1 disease than seasonal influenza. The goal of this study was to assess the relationship between attitudes toward H1N1 vaccination and vaccine acceptance among middle and high school teachers in rural Georgia. METHODS: Participants were recruited from 2 counties participating in a school-based influenza vaccination intervention in rural Georgia. Data were collected from surveys distributed to middle and high school teachers in participating counties in September 2009 prior to implementing the interventions to increase vaccination against seasonal influenza. Multivariate logistic regression was used to assess the association between teachers' attitudes toward H1N1 vaccination and H1N1 vaccine acceptance, controlling for demographic variables. RESULTS: Among participants, 52.9% indicated that they would get the H1N1 vaccine. In multivariate analyses, H1N1 vaccine acceptance was associated with male gender (odds ratio[OR]=3.67, p=.016), fear of contracting H1N1 (OR=3.18, p=.025), and receipt of a seasonal influenza vaccine in the past year (OR=3.07, p=.031). H1N1 vaccine acceptance was not significantly associated with age, race, perceived severity of H1N1, belief that the H1N1 vaccine would cause illness, or talking about H1N1 with friends. CONCLUSIONS: Teachers may play a pivotal role in school-based H1N1 vaccinations. Understanding and addressing teachers' attitudes toward H1N1 vaccination may assist in future immunization efforts.

Garvin, E. C., et al. (2013). "Greening vacant lots to reduce violent crime: a randomised controlled trial." Injury Prevention 19(3): 198-203.
	Background: Vacant lots are often overgrown with unwanted vegetation and filled with trash, making them attractive places to hide illegal guns, conduct illegal activities such as drug sales and prostitution, and engage in violent crime. There is some evidence that greening vacant lots is associated with reductions in violent crime. Methods: We performed a randomised controlled trial of vacant lot greening to test the impact of this intervention on police reported crime and residents' perceptions of safety and disorder. Greening consisted of cleaning the lots, planting grass and trees, and building a wooden fence around the perimeter. We randomly allocated two vacant lot clusters to the greening intervention or to the control status (no intervention). Administrative data were used to determine crime rates, and local resident interviews at baseline (n=29) and at follow-up (n=21) were used to assess perceptions of safety and disorder. Results: Unadjusted difference-in-differences estimates showed a non-significant decrease in the number of total crimes and gun assaults around greened vacant lots compared with control. People around the intervention vacant lots reported feeling significantly safer after greening compared with those living around control vacant lots (p&lt;0.01). Conclusions: In this study, greening was associated with reductions in certain gun crimes and improvements in residents' perceptions of safety. A larger randomised controlled trial is needed to further investigate the link between vacant lot greening and violence reduction.

Gaskell, G., et al. (2017). "Do closed survey questions overestimate public perceptions of food risks?" Journal of Risk Research 20(8): 1038-1052.
	In this paper, we show that the widely accepted methodology for the assessment of risk perception - Likert-type survey questions featuring a set of risks with fixed response alternatives measuring the extent of worry or concern - may overestimate food risk perception. Using a European representative sample survey (n=26,961) that included an open-ended question asking about problems and risks with food and eating, followed by a battery of closed questions (CQs) assessing food risk perception, we find a similar ranking of perceived food risks across the two methods. Across Europe, the five priority concerns are chronic food-related illness; food origins and quality; acute food-related illness; chemical contamination; and adulteration of food. However, the discrepancies between mentioning a risk in the open-ended question and the expression of worry about risks in the CQ are substantial. Of those who did not mention a specific risk category in the open question, between 60 and 83% (depending on risk category) expressed worry in the CQ. This parallels previous research on the fear of crime, showing that survey responses lead to greatly inflated estimates of the public's fear of crime than is evidenced by qualitative questioning. It is also consistent with evidence from research on cognitive aspects of survey methodology, suggesting that survey questions may frame the respondent's thinking about an issue. We conclude with recommendations for the use of branched questions in the quantitative elicitation of public perceptions of risk.

Gass, P., et al. (2009). "Prevalence of Stalking Victimization in Journalists: An E-Mail Survey of German Journalists." Violence & Victims 24(2): 163-171.
	Certain professionals, such as health care personnel, have a higher risk of stalking victimization because of their professional activities. This study analyzed the lifetime prevalence of stalking victimization for journalists because they belong to a professional group that often works in public, demonstrates personal attitudes and opinions, and thus may easily become objects for positive or negative transferences. Four hundred and ninety-three journalists answered a standardized Internet questionnaire on stalking victimization. Twelve percent of respondents reported common stalking due to nonprofessional reasons, and an additional 2.2% reported apparently job-related stalking. In contrast to common stalking, job-related stalking victims were mostly male and took the perpetration less seriously, although they had the same risk of suffering violence and aggressive attacks. Since stalking can cause severe psychological distress in victims and some cases are at high risk for aggressive violence, better information for this professional group is necessary. Primary and secondary preventive strategies should be considered. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Violence & Victims is the property of Springer Publishing Company, Inc. and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Gatewood Owens, J. and J. G. Owens (2017). "Revealing Victimization: The Impact of Methodological Features in the National Crime Victimization Survey." Violence & Victims 32(4): 688-713.
	This study examines the impact of methodological features of the National Crime Victimization Survey (NCVS) on respondent willingness to report violent, serious violent, and property victimizations to the NCVS. Bounded and unbounded data from the 1999-2005 NCVS are used to create a longitudinal file of respondents, and survey-weighted logistic regression models are used to assess the factors associated with the reporting of victimization. Net of sociodemographic control variables, unbounded interviews produced higher estimates of serious violence (72%), violence (66%), and property victimization (67%). Mobile respondents reported higher estimates than nonmobile respondents of serious violence (48%), violence (35%), and property victimization (15%). Compared with in-person interviews, interviewing by telephone increased reporting for serious violence (7%), violence (12%), and property victimization (17%). This study highlights the importance of controlling for these factors in both longitudinal and cross-sectional analyses to estimate victimization risk. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Violence & Victims is the property of Springer Publishing Company, Inc. and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Gbekley, H. E., et al. (2018). "Ethnobotanical survey of medicinal plants used in the management of hypertension in the maritime region of Togo." African Journal of Traditional, Complementary and Alternative Medicines 15(1): 85-97.
	Background: Hypertension is one of the most common chronic diseases in modern societies and there is evidence that its incidence and severity are increasing. This survey was conducted to investigate the plants used by the Togolese traditional healers to treat the disease. Method: From January to June 2016, an ethnobotanical survey was conducted using a semi-structured questionnaire with traditional healers (TH) in the southern region of Togo. The importance of the plants was assessed by the calculation of the use value (UV). Results: In Total, 128 TH male and female were interviewed and 116 plants species belonging to 46 families were identified as treating hypertension. The most represented families were: Fabaceae with 16 species followed by Euphorbiaceae and Rutaceae contributing with 8 and 6 species respectively. Based on the calculated use values the most important species were Byrsocarpus coccineus Schum. Et thonn. (UV=0.47); Crateva religiosa G. Forst. (UV=0.47), Boerhavia diffusa Engelm. & A. Gray L. (UV=0.47), Xylopia aethiopica A. Rich. (UV=0.42), Mangnifera indica L. (UV=0.38). The leaves and the roots were the parts of plant predominantly used to prepare the recipes, mainly decoctions administrated by oral route. Clinical manifestations such as dizzy spells, swarming, loss of consciousness, severe headache, severe anxiety and shortness of breath, nosebleed, and fear of heights were used by TH to diagnose the disease. Conclusion: This study showed initial evidence of the use of plant materials by Togolese TH to treat hypertension. These results constitute a database for pharmacological screenings with the aim of developing new therapies.

Gebretekle, G. B., et al. (2018). "Opportunities and barriers to implementing antibiotic stewardship in low and middle-income countries: lessons from a mixed-methods study in a tertiary care hospital in Ethiopia." PLoS ONE 13(12): e0208447-e0208447.
	Background: Global action plans to tackle antimicrobial resistance (AMR) include implementation of antimicrobial stewardship (AMS), but few studies have directly addressed the challenges faced by low and middle-income countries (LMICs). Our aim was to explore healthcare providers' knowledge and perceptions on AMR, and barriers/facilitators to successful implementation of a pharmacist-led AMS intervention in a referral hospital in Ethiopia. Methods: Tikur Anbessa Specialized Hospital (TASH) is an 800-bed tertiary center in Addis Ababa, and the site of an ongoing 4-year study on AMR. Between May and July 2017, using a mixed approach of quantitative and qualitative methods, we performed a cross-sectional survey of pharmacists and physicians using a pre-tested questionnaire and semi-structured interviews of purposively selected respondents until thematic saturation. We analyzed differences in proportions of agreement between physicians and pharmacists using χ2 and fisher exact tests. Qualitative data was analyzed thematically. Findings: A total of 406 survey respondents (358 physicians, 48 pharmacists), and 35 key informants (21 physicians and 14 pharmacists) were enrolled. The majority of survey respondents (&gt;90%) strongly agreed with statements regarding the global scope of AMR, the need for stewardship, surveillance and education, but their perceptions on factors contributing to AMR and their knowledge of institutional resistance profiles for common bacteria were less uniform. Close to 60% stated that a significant proportion of S. aureus infections were caused by methicillin-resistant strains (an incorrect statement), while only 48% thought a large proportion of gram-negative infections were caused by cephalosporin-resistant strains (a true statement). Differences were noted between physicians and pharmacists: more pharmacists agreed with statements on links between use of broad-spectrum antibiotics and AMR (p&lt;0.022), but physicians were more aware that lack of diagnostic tests led to antibiotic overuse (p&lt;0.01). More than cost, fear of treatment failure and of retribution from senior physicians were major drivers of antibiotic prescription behavior particularly among junior physicians. All respondents identified high turnover of pharmacists, poor communication between the laboratory, pharmacists and clinicians as potential challenges; but the existing hierarchical culture and academic setting were touted as opportunities to implement AMS in Ethiopia. Conclusions: This knowledge and perceptions survey identified specific educational priorities and implementation strategies for AMS in our setting. This is likely also true in other LMICs, where expertise and infrastructure may be lacking.

Geller, A., et al. (2016). "Surveys, Records, and the Study of Incarceration in Families." Annals of the American Academy of Political and Social Science 665(1): 22-43.
	More than 2 million American children have a parent incarcerated, making the consequences of parental incarceration for families a critical concern. A growing literature documents significant challenges not only among incarcerated men, but also among their spouses, partners, and children. Much remains to be learned about these experiences, however; and the data available for doing so are limited. In this article, we demonstrate how the quality of available data on paternal incarceration can be improved by supplementing a leading population-based survey of families with administrative records on criminal history from a state criminal justice agency. This administrative supplement provides only a low-end estimate of the extent of criminal justice involvement in our sample, but still increases the number of fathers identified with criminal histories by more than 20 percent. Building on such a supplement--in our current survey or future ones--could improve the identification of justice-involved fathers on a broader scale.

George, R. (2010). "Visitor perceptions of crime-safety and attitudes towards risk: the case of Table Mountain National Park, Cape Town." Tourism Management 31(6): 806-815.
	This paper investigates tourist perceptions of crime-safety and attitudes towards risk whilst visiting Table Mountain National Park (TMNP) in Cape Town in June and July 2008. The study examined survey data of 303 domestic and international tourists during their visit to TMNP. A linear regression analysis revealed that although visitors had concerns about their personal safety they are still likely to return to TMNP and recommend it to other people. In addition, visitor attitudes towards risk did not influence perceptions of crime-safety and its effect on their intentions to revisit or recommend TMNP. The results also show that respondent's individual characteristics such as age, nationality, and purpose of visit influenced their perceptions of crime-safety. Perceptions that TMNP is unsafe tended to increase with respondent's age. Respondents on holiday were more likely to perceive TMNP as safer than those on business or visiting friends and relatives. The study's findings add to the literature by offering more insight on tourist perceptions of crime-safety and attitudes towards risk and their impact on tourist behaviour. Various tourist-crime prevention measures to enhance visitor safety at national parks are also recommended to the tourism industry and law enforcement agencies.

Georgiades, K., et al. (2019). "Prevalence and correlates of youth suicidal ideation and attempts: evidence from the 2014 Ontario Child Health Study." Canadian Journal of Psychiatry 64(4): 265-274.
	Objectives: To present the 12-month prevalence and correlates of suicidal ideation and attempts in a sample of youth in Ontario. Methods: Data come from the 2014 Ontario Child Health Study, a provincially representative survey of families with children in Ontario. Youth aged 14 to 17 y (n=2,396) completed a computer-assisted, self-administered questionnaire in their home to assess the occurrence of suicidal ideation, suicidal attempts, and associated correlates, including non-suicidal self-injury, mental disorders, substance use, peer victimization and exposure to child maltreatment. Socio-demographic information was collected from the parent. Logistic regression models were used to identify correlates that distinguished between youth reporting: (1) no suicidal ideation or attempts, (2) suicidal ideation but no attempts, and (3) suicidal ideation and attempts. Results: The 12-month prevalence of suicidal ideation and attempts was 8.1% and 4.3%, respectively. All clinical and behavioural correlates were significantly higher among youth reporting suicidal ideation or attempts, as compared with non-suicidal youth. In adjusted models, depression and non-suicidal self-injury were each independently associated with elevated odds of suicidal ideation (OR=4.84 and 4.19, respectively) and suicidal attempt (OR=7.84 and 22.72, respectively). Among youth who reported suicidal ideation, the only variable that differentiated youth who attempted suicide v. those who did not, in adjusted models, was non-suicidal self-injury (OR=3.89). Conclusions: Suicidal ideation and attempts are common among youth in Ontario, often co-occurring with mental disorders and high-risk behaviours. These findings underscore the need for effective prevention and intervention strategies, particularly for youth depression and non-suicidal self-injury.

Gesink, D., et al. (2016). "Cancer screening barriers and facilitators for under and never screened populations: a mixed methods study." Cancer Epidemiology 45: 126-134.
	Background: Cancer screening is below targets in Ontario, Canada. Our objective was to identify and quantify the barriers and facilitators for breast, cervical and colorectal cancer screening for under and never screened (UNS) residents living in Ontario between 2011 and 2013. Methods: We used a multi-phased mixed methods study design. Results from thematic analysis of focus group discussions with health care providers and UNS community members were used to develop an on-line, province-wide, cross-sectional survey to estimate the prevalence of barriers and facilitators for the provincial population. Adjusted prevalence odds ratios and 95% confidence intervals were estimated for UNS compared to regularly screened participants using logistic regression. Results: Four focus groups were held with health service providers and sixteen with UNS community members. Top barriers and facilitators themed around provider-patient communication, fear and embarrassment, history of physical or sexual abuse, social determinants of health (including low literacy, lack of awareness, and health insurance), symptoms appearing, and family and friends. 3075 participants completed the online survey. Compared to regularly screened participants, UNS had significantly higher odds of reporting: no regular health care provider; not feeling comfortable talking about screening; or the Doctor or Nurse Practitioner not suggesting screening. UNS also had significantly higher odds of reporting the facilitators: the test being less scary/painful or uncomfortable; friend/family insisting on getting screened; starting to have symptoms; or an easier test that could be done at home. Conclusions: Interventions addressing fear through individual, interpersonal and structural facilitators may increase cancer screening.

Ghanbari, Z., et al. (2014). "Assessing the relative contribution of causes leading to cesarean section among women who had referred to Shahid Madani Clinic in Marand city." International Journal of Women's Health and Reproduction Sciences 2(1): 26-29.
	Objectives: Cesarean section is a surgical procedure and it is performed when the normal vaginal delivery is not available or vaginal delivery is dangerous for mother or fetus. In other words, there are some special indications for cesarean section. In the past decade the rate of cesarean delivery in the absence of clear indications has increased. This subject suggests an intensive research and attention. This study has compared the causes of cesarean delivery among women. Material and methods: 100 women who had referred to Shahid Madani Clinic in Marand city, were asked based on questionnaire that included information about patients and a list of causes that could lead women to a cesarean delivery. There after, the contribution of each cause was assessed. Results: Fear of labor pain is the most common cause of cesarean delivery (35%) while having history of previous caesarean section, fear of disturbing the anatomy of external genitalia, medical indication for caesarean section and cultural beliefs caused with lower rate in comparison to fear of labor pain. were placed in lower classes. Conclusion: This study showed that, several factors may lead women to caesarean delivery; The fear of labor pain is the most common factor that could be reduced by proper training and holding childbirth preparation classes for pregnant women.

Gil, A. P. M., et al. (2015). "Elder abuse in Portugal: findings from the first national prevalence study." Journal of Elder Abuse & Neglect 27(3): 174-195.
	In this study, we present findings of the Portuguese national prevalence study, "Aging and Violence," the purpose of which was to estimate the prevalence of abuse and neglect of older people in family settings over a 12-month period and examine the relationship between abuse and sociodemographic and health characteristics. Through a telephone survey of a representative probability sample (N=1,123), we evaluated 12 abusive behaviors and demographic data. Overall, 12.3% of older adults experienced elder abuse in family settings. The prevalence rates of specific types were as follows: psychological, 6.3%; financial, 6.3%; physical, 2.3%; neglect, 0.4%; and sexual, 0.2%. Logistic regression was employed to determine the relationship between abuse and covariates. The study suggests that education level, age, and functional status are significantly associated with abuse. Accurate estimates of the prevalence of elder abuse and understanding of victim and perpetrator characteristics are fundamental to designing effective strategies for prevention and intervention.

Gilling, D. (2010). "Crime Control and Due Process in Confidence-Building Strategies: A Governmentality Perspective." British Journal of Criminology 50(6): 1136-1154.
	This article employs a governmentality framework to make sense of approaches to building public confidence, based upon a performance management regime that includes the British Crime Survey and a range of communicative technologies intended to raise public confidence. Whilst there are two discursive threads running throughout that broadly correspond with models of crime control and due process, priority has been afforded at the level of governmental ‘talk’ to the crime control model. Reflecting upon the strengths and limitations of the governmentality framework, the article questions the likelihood of the crime control discourse being enacted in practice, as well as the appropriateness of such a policy emphasis. [ABSTRACT FROM PUBLISHER]
Copyright of British Journal of Criminology is the property of Oxford University Press / USA and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Giménez-García, C., et al. (2013). "Culture as an influence on the perceived risk of HIV infection: a differential analysis comparing young people from Mexico and Spain." Journal of Community Health 38(3): 434-442.
	This study analyzes risk behaviors and attitudes related to HIV-AIDS transmission between young people from two Hispanic/Latino culture and origin (Mexico and Spain). For this purpose, 840 participants filled out the AIDS Prevention Questionnaire (Ballester et al., El "Cuestionario de Prevención del Sida (CPS)": Análisis de la fiabilidad y validez. Sociedad Española Interdisciplinaria del Sida, San Sebastián, 2007). From the Theory of reasoned action, our results revealed differences between the risk behaviour profiles of young people depending on their origin or gender, in terms of attitudes and behaviours. For example, Mexican participants have exhibited more levels of perceived risk or severity of HIV while for Spaniards, the fear of HIV was higher. Regarding the perception of condom use, loss of pleasure seems to be an important barrier for both groups of Mexican and Spanish young although others, such as lack of information would be reported only for Mexican women. Regarding self-efficacy, there are no significant differences in general but, in specific cases, we found them: Spanish participants seem to be more comfortable with putting on a condom while Mexican participants are more confident when it comes to buying it. However, these Spanish young people have reported more behavioural intention and present condom use in all sexual practices. In general, predictors of condom use are different depending on gender and origin. Thus, in order to develop effective strategies in AIDS prevention, cultural differences for HIV transmission should be considered even inside the group of Hispanic/Latino young people.

Gladfelter, A. S., et al. (2018). "Beyond Ability to Pay: Procedural Justice and Offender Compliance With Restitution Orders." International Journal of Offender Therapy and Comparative Criminology 62(13): 4314-4331.
	Restitution to victims is rarely paid in full. One reason for low rates of payments is that offenders lack financial resources. Beyond ability to pay, however, we argue that fair treatment has implications for offender behavior. This study, a survey of probationers who owed restitution, investigated the links between (a) ability to pay, (b) beliefs about restitution and the criminal justice system, and (c) restitution payment, both the amount paid and number of payments. Results indicate that perceived fair treatment by probation staff—those most directly involved with the collection of restitution payments—was significantly associated with greater payment, net of past payment behavior, intention to pay, and ability to pay. Because restitution has potentially rehabilitative aspects if offenders pay more of the court-ordered amount and if they make regular monthly payments, how fairly probation staff treat probationers has implications for both victims and for the criminal justice system.

Glomseth, R. and P. Gottschalk (2009). "Police personnel cultures: a comparative study of counter terrorist and criminal investigation units." Criminal Justice Studies 22(1): 3-15.
	There seems to be no such thing as one single police culture. Depending on organization, structure, and task, culture in the police varies. In this research, counter terrorist police and criminal investigation police in Norway are compared. Although Norway has one police service, which is based on the principle of coherence, meaning that all functions are in one organization, significant cultural differences were found. The most significant difference in occupational culture was found on the scale from time firm vs. time floats. Police officers in the counter terrorist police find that time schedules, deadlines, and speed are important in their job. On the other hand, police officers in the criminal investigation police find sufficient time and not being run by the watch important in their job. The second most significant difference in occupational culture was found on the scale from legality vs. effectiveness. Police officers in the counter terrorist police find it more important to follow regulations and instructions than criminal investigators. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Criminal Justice Studies is the property of Routledge and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Goetz, O., et al. (2014). "Breastfeeding after breast cancer: survey to hospital health professionals in Alsace. / Allaitement après cancer du sein: enquête auprès des professionnels de santé hospitaliers en Alsace." Gynécologie Obstétrique & Fertilité 42(4): 234-239.
	Objectives: For women treated for a breast cancer and wanting childbearing, the issues of breastfeeding and its oncological safety are controversial. Therefore the aim of our study was to establish a state of knowledge of health professionals on this subject. Methods: Two hundred and fifty questionnaires were distributed to hospital health professionals, in five Units of Obstetrics and Gynecology in Alsace. The results of our study were expressed as the number of responses, and percentage. Results: Analysis of the answers to this questionnaire demonstrated that health professionals have a good theoretical knowledge of the subject and that breastfeeding is not contraindicated. Indeed, in case of breastfeeding, 90% of the hospital health professionals thought that the risk of recurrence was unchanged or decreased and 81% of them answered that the overall survival was unchanged or increased. However, on a practical view, none of these health professionals followed a woman who breastfed after a breast cancer. Discussion and conclusion: Breastfeeding after breast cancer does not worsen the prognosis and seems even to improve it. Furthermore, women breastfeeding after a breast cancer have an improved life quality and recommend it to other patients. However, few women breastfeed after breast cancer and this is due to often non-justified reasons coming from their health professionals. Their role should be more to pass clear information and bring their support to breastfeeding to help the women to face their fears as well as encountered difficulties which are not specific, but felt in a more intensive way.

Gonzalez, J. M. R., et al. (2014). "Characteristics of adults involved in alcohol-related intimate partner violence: results from a nationally representative sample." BMC public health 14(466): (17 May 2014)-(2017 May 2014).
	Background: More than 12 million women and men are victims of partner violence each year. Although the health outcomes of partner violence have been well documented, we know very little about specific event-level characteristics that may provide implications for prevention and intervention of partner violence situations. Therefore, the purpose of this study is to evaluate substance abuse and dependence as risk factors for event-level alcohol-related intimate partner violence (IPV). Methods: Data were derived from Wave II of the National Epidemiological Survey on Alcohol and Related Conditions (2004-2005). Eligible participants (N=2,255) reported IPV the year before the survey. Negative binomial and ordinal regression methods were used to assess risk factors for alcohol use during IPV. Results: Respondent PTSD was the only mental health diagnosis related to alcohol use during IPV (OR=1.45). Marijuana use was related to respondents' use of alcohol during IPV (OR=2.68). Respondents' meeting the criteria for alcohol abuse/dependence was strongly associated with respondent drinking (OR=10.74) and partner drinking (OR=2.89) during IPV. Conclusion: Results indicate that PTSD, marijuana use disorders, alcohol abuse and dependence are associated with more frequent alcohol use during IPV. In addition, it is important to consider that the patient who presents in emergency settings (e.g., hospitals or urgent care facilities) may not be immediately identifiable as the victim or the perpetrator of partner violence. Therefore, screening and intervention programs should probe to further assess the event-level characteristics of partner violence situations to ensure the correct service referrals are made to prevent partner violence.

Gonzalez, J. M. R., et al. (2016). "The long-term effects of school dropout and GED attainment on substance use disorders." Drug and Alcohol Dependence 158: 60-66.
	Background: Epidemiologic research suggests that 14% of the population do not complete high school, and dropout has been linked to mental health conditions, substance use, chronic health problems, and criminal behavior. Few studies have assessed whether attainment of the general education development (GED) credential is protective from substance use. Purpose: To assess the long-term outcomes of school dropout and GED attainment on past year substance use disorders, age of onset, and current smoking status. Methods: Longitudinal data were included for lifetime substance users who participated in the National Epidemiological Survey on Alcohol and Related Conditions (Waves I and II). Eligible participants (N=30,608) were classified as having completed high school, dropped out of high school and did not complete a GED, or completed GED at Wave I. Survey logistic regression analyses were used to determine whether high school graduation status was associated with substance use disorders and smoking at Wave II. Results: Multivariate results suggest that participants who dropped out of high school (OR=1.53; p&lt;.01) or attained a GED were more likely to have a past year marijuana use disorder (OR=1.62 p&lt;.01) compared to high school graduates. High school dropouts were also more likely to be current smokers (OR=1.88; p&lt;.05) than graduates. Conclusions: High school dropouts have higher long-term rates of marijuana use disorder and smoking in adulthood than graduates. Attainment of a GED does not appear to be protective from marijuana use disorders in adulthood.

González-Pérez, G. J., et al. (2012). "Deaths by homicide in Mexico: trends, socio-geographical variations and associated factors. / Mortalidad por homicidios en México: tendencias, variaciones socio-geográficas y factores asociados." Ciência & Saúde Coletiva 17(12): 3195-3208.
	This study seeks to analyze the trend of homicide rates (total and by firearm) in Mexico between 1990 and 2009 and identify the variables that best explain the geographical variations of these rates in the 2008-2009 two-year period. Homicide rates, adjusted for age, were calculated for both sexes between 1990 and 2009 and for each state in 2008-2009. Factors associated with the interstate variations in the homicide rates were identified using multiple linear regression analysis. Results show that the homicide rate in Mexico decreased between 1990 and 2007, but doubled over the last two years (from 7.6 to 16.6 per 100,000). In 2009, the male homicide rate was almost 9 times higher than the female rate and about two-thirds of homicides involved firearms. Multivariate analysis reveals that impunity, drug trafficking, alcohol and drug consumption and school dropout in basic education - in that order - are key factors for understanding the geographical variations in homicide rates in Mexico in 2008-2009. Findings suggest that to reduce the number of homicide victims and spatial variations in the rate, it is necessary not only to fight the drug cartels, but above all to implement structural reforms in the criminal justice system and reduce the socioeconomic disparities among states.

Goodwin, L., et al. (2013). "Are reports of psychological stress higher in occupational studies? A systematic review across occupational and population based studies." PLoS ONE 8(11): e78693-e78693.
	Objectives: The general health questionnaire (GHQ) is commonly used to assess symptoms of common mental disorder (CMD). Prevalence estimates for CMD caseness from UK population studies are thought to be in the range of 14-17%, and the UK occupational studies of which we are aware indicate a higher prevalence. This review will synthesise the existing research using the GHQ from both population and occupational studies and will compare the weighted prevalence estimates between them. Methods: We conducted a systematic review and meta-analysis to examine the prevalence of CMD, as assessed by the GHQ, in all UK occupational and population studies conducted from 1990 onwards. Results: The search revealed 65 occupational papers which met the search criteria and 15 relevant papers for UK population studies. The weighted prevalence estimate for CMD across all occupational studies which used the same version and cut-off for the GHQ was 29.6% (95% confidence intervals (CIs) 27.3-31.9%) and for comparable population studies was significantly lower at 19.1% (95% CIs 17.3-20.8%). This difference was reduced after restricting the studies by response rate and sampling method (23.9% (95% CIs 20.5%-27.4%) vs. 19.2% (95 CIs 17.1%-21.3%)). Conclusions: Counter intuitively, the prevalence of CMD is higher in occupational studies, compared to population studies (which include individuals not in employment), although this difference narrowed after accounting for measures of study quality, including response rate and sampling method. This finding is inconsistent with the healthy worker effect, which would presume lower levels of psychological symptoms in individuals in employment. One explanation is that the GHQ is sensitive to contextual factors, and it seems possible that symptoms of CMD are over reported when participants know that they have been recruited to a study on the basis that they belong to a specific occupational group, as in nearly all "stress" surveys.

Gordon, A. R., et al. (2018). "Gender expression, violence, and bullying victimization: findings from probability samples of high school students in 4 US school districts." Journal of School Health 88(4): 306-314.
	BACKGROUND: Young people may experience school-based violence and bullying victimization related to their gender expression, independent of sexual orientation identity. However, the associations between gender expression and bullying and violence have not been examined in racially and ethnically diverse population-based samples of high school students. METHODS: This study includes 5469 students (13-18 years) from the 2013 Youth Risk Behavior Surveys conducted in 4 urban school districts. Respondents were 51% Hispanic/Latino, 21% black/African American, 14% white. Generalized additive models were used to examine the functional form of relationships between self-reported gender expression (range: 1=Most gender conforming, 7=Most gender nonconforming) and 5 indicators of violence and bullying victimization. We estimated predicted probabilities across gender expression by sex, adjusting for sexual orientation identity and potential confounders. RESULTS: Statistically significant quadratic associations indicated that girls and boys at the most gender conforming and nonconforming ends of the scale had elevated probabilities of fighting and fighting-related injury, compared to those in the middle of the scale (p&lt;.05). There was a significant linear relationship between gender expression and bullying victimization; every unit increase in gender nonconformity was associated with 15% greater odds of experiencing bullying (p&lt;.0001). CONCLUSIONS: School-based victimization is associated with conformity and nonconformity to gender norms. School violence prevention programs should include gender diversity education.

Görgen, T., et al. (2013). "Prevention of Juvenile Crime and Deviance: Adolescents' and Experts' Views in an International Perspective." Preprečevanje mladoletniške kriminalitete in deviantnosti: pogledi mladostnikov in strokovnjakov z mednarodne perspektive. 15(4): 531-550.
	This article analyses perspectives on youth crime prevention in samples of 13-17 year old students from 6 European countries and of practitioners/experts in Belgium and Germany. Design/Methods/Approach: Surveys were conducted among urban and rural school students (n = 10682). Expert and practitioner perspectives were taken into account using Delphi surveys, standardized surveys on the state of youth crime prevention, and semistructured interviews with practitioners in the areas where the school surveys were conducted. Findings: While the majority of students have been targeted by drug abuse prevention measures, rates for violence prevention are lower. Students ascribe moderate preventive potential to school and they regard peers and parents as most influential in prevention while professional agents are viewed as less important. Punitive approaches are not rejected, but approaches focusing on individual resources and problems are given priority. Experts point at the significance of socioeconomic factors related to the problem of (youth) delinquency and hence of social policy measures. They recommend prevention starting at an early age, strengthening social skills and following multi-professional approaches. Research Limitations/Implications: Schools surveys excluded special schools, and response rates in expert surveys were low or moderate. Practical Implications: Findings point to young persons' understanding of factors influencing their behaviour and at connections between involvement in offending and accessibility for approaches to prevention. Expert surveys show needs for improvement in the field of prevention, especially in terms of funding, evaluation, and fundamental strategic approaches. Originality/Value: Perspectives of both actors and targets of preventive approaches are taken into account. (English) [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Članek na podlagi analize, ki vključuje vzorec 13-17 let starih dijakov iz šestih evropskih držav in praktikov/strokovnjakov iz Belgije in Nemčije, prikazuje poglede na preprečevanje mladoletniške kriminalitete. Metode: Raziskave so bile izvedene med dijaki (n = 10.682) v mestnem in podeželskem okolju. Pogledi strokovnjakov in praktikov so bili pridobljeni s študijo Delphi, standardiziranimi raziskavami o stanju preprečevanja mladoletniške kriminalitete in pol-strukturiranimi intervjuji s praktiki z območij, kjer so bile opravljene raziskave v šolah. Ugotovitve: Medtem ko je bila večina dijakov ciljna skupina preventivnih ukrepov o zlorabi drog, je stopnja preprečevanja nasilja nižja. Dijaki šoli pripisujejo zmeren preventivni vpliv. Svoje vrstnike in starše obravnavajo kot najbolj vplivne pri preprečevanju, medtem ko so strokovnjaki manj pomembni. Kaznovalnih pristopov ne zavračajo, vendar so v ospredju tisti, ki se osredotočajo na posamezne vire. Strokovnjaki opozarjajo na pomen družbenoekonomskih dejavnikov, povezanih s problemom (mladoletniškega) prestopništva in posledično ukrepov socialne politike. Priporočajo, da se preprečevanje začne že v zgodnjih letih s krepitvijo socialnih veščih in interdisciplinarnih pristopov. Omejitve/uporabnost raziskave: Ankete, opravljene v šolah, ne vključujejo šol s posebnimi programi, stopnja odziva v raziskavah, opravljenih med strokovnjaki, pa je bila nizka ali zmerna. Praktična uporabnost: Ugotovitve kažejo razumevanje dijakov o pomenu dejavnikov, ki vplivajo na njihovo vedenje, in povezave med udeležbo pri kršitvah in dostopnostjo do preprečevalnih ukrepov. Raziskave, opravljene med strokovnjaki, kažejo potrebe za izboljšanje na področju preprečevanja, zlasti v smislu financiranja, vrednotenja in temeljnih strateških pristopov. Izvirnost/pomembnost prispevka: Upoštevani so pogledi izvajalcev prevencije in ciljne skupine glede preventivnih pristopov. (Slovenian) [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Varstvoslovje: Journal of Criminal Justice & Security is the property of University of Maribor, Faculty of Criminal Justice & Security and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Gottschalk, P. (2012). "Police criminality and neutralization: an empirical study of court cases." Police Practice & Research 13(6): 501-512.
	The prevalence of police deviance is a much-debated statistic and one that is often rife with problems. Based on 61 convicted police officers in Norway, court cases are analyzed in this paper to identify relationships between imprisonment days for convicted police officers and motive and brutality as determinants of each sentence. While there is a positive correlation found between severity of sentence and the extent of personal motive, there is a negative correlation between severity of sentence and the extent of brutality applied in policing. This is explained by neutralization theory in the paper. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Police Practice & Research is the property of Routledge and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Gottschalk, P. (2019). "Stage model for female criminals: business school students’ perceptions of white-collar offenders." Journal of Gender Studies 28(6): 720-729.
	We know that half of the population in Norway is female, and we know that females represent 6% of the white-collar crime prison population. In the stage model overview, we derive percentages from the literature into the gender model to explain stepwise reduction from 50% to 6%. In our empirical research, we asked two groups of business school students to come up with their own estimates for the stages in the model for female criminals. While estimates from executive students resulted in 3% women in prison, bachelor students’ estimates resulted in 10% women in prison. The most obvious discrepancy between the research literature and our two survey groups is related to relative convictions. Based on the literature, we suggested that female defendants receive more serious convictions because they may perceive and feel more guilt for a crime, for example in terms of regret, shame and depression. Thus women may have a tendency to confess more easily. Both executive students and bachelor students disagree with this estimate of 140%, as they suggest 62% and 69% respectively. One reason for their suggestion of less serious convictions for female white-collar criminals – sometimes labelled pink-collar criminals – might be that family situation and other elements are taken into account before a verdict is passed on a woman. Another substantial discrepancy is related to detection risk. The literature suggests a low detection risk for women, but may be not as low as we estimated at 30%. Both executive and bachelor students believe that the gender difference in detection likelihood is not that formidable, as they suggest 75% and 65% respectively.

Gottschalk, P. and L. Gunnesdal (2017). "Expert Elicitation to Estimate the Size of an Iceberg based on the Tip: Some Methodological Challenges in Determining the Magnitude of White-Collar Crime." International Journal of Criminal Justice Sciences 12(2): 224-236.
	Expert elicitation is a research method designed to make estimations in areas where we have no knowledge, only indicators and experiences. By systematic interviews of experts, we tried to estimate the magnitude of white-collar crime in Norway. On our way to a final answer, we were faced with a number of obstacles in our research design. This article reports from our research journey by communicating our learning from methodological challenges when applying expert elicitation to estimate the size of an iceberg based on knowledge about the tip of the iceberg. In particular, participation refusals and response confusions are discussed. This article presents results from a study where we engaged an expert panel to estimate a number of parameters that can determine the total amount of money lost yearly because of white-collar crime. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of International Journal of Criminal Justice Sciences is the property of International Journal of Criminal Justice Sciences (IJCJS), Dr. K. Jaishankar and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Goulette, N. and J. Frank (2018). "Examining Criminal Justice Practitioners’ Views on Collateral Consequences Policy." American Journal of Criminal Justice : AJCJ 43(3): 724-744.
	With the recent emphasis on reentry and the reintegration of offenders back into society, both academics and policy makers have voiced concern over both the process of applying collateral consequences in a particular case and the expanding number of collateral restrictions, some of which are quite severe. Many of these restrictions create significant barriers to reintegration for offenders released from incarceration. While reforms have been proposed, there is a lack of research examining the perceptions of criminal justice actors about collateral consequences of conviction. As parties most familiar with the application of consequences in cases, and the burdens they place on involved parties, the present study surveyed practitioners in a large Midwestern state. The findings suggest that judges, defense attorneys, probation and parole supervisors, and prosecutors are troubled by the role of collateral consequences in offender reentry and are not opposed to repealing or reforming some of these policies. Further, there are significant differences between practitioner groups as to reforms that should be implemented within the state’s criminal justice system.

Goulette, N. W., et al. (2014). "Criminal Justice Practitioners' Perceptions of Collateral Consequences of Criminal Conviction on Offenders." Criminal Justice Review 39(3): 290-304.
	Scholars and policy makers wish to eliminate many collateral consequences to promote successful offender reentry. Current proposals to reduce collateral consequences of conviction typically involve the participation of criminal justice practitioners. This study surveyed criminal justice practitioners in Ohio to assess their perceptions of the percentage of offenders affected by particular collateral consequences and the magnitude of the impact of these consequences. The findings suggest that, although there is variability in perceptions across different categories of restrictions, justice officials believe relatively few offenders are affected by collateral consequences, and the perceived impact is relatively small. Efforts to eliminate collateral consequences may not have their intended effect on offender reentry. Adapted from the source document.

Graça, B. C. d., et al. (2018). "Epidemiological and prison profile of the detention of a municipality of the north of Mato Grosso. / Perfil epidemiológico e prisional das detentas de um município do médio norte de Mato Grosso." Semina: Ciências Biológicas e da Saúde (Londrina) 39(1): 59-68.
	The objective of this study was to present the profile of women deprived of their liberty in a public chain in the middle region of Mato Grosso. This was a cross-sectional survey with a quantitative approach carried out in 2017. A semi-structured questionnaire containing open and closed questions was applied to 57 women with individual interviews, later the data systematized in electronic spreadsheets and analyzed by the SPSS version 20.0. The predominant profile self-reported by the participants was brown (73.7%), aged between 18 and 31 (56.2%), incomplete elementary school (56.2%), housewives (38.6%), (47.4%), with up to 4 children (82.5%), arrested for the crime of drug trafficking (54.4%) and with imprisonment for up to two years (82.5%). The profile described reflects the relationship between the population with greater socioeconomic fragility, insertion in crime through the partner and drug trafficking as a search for income. In this sense is necessary the elaboration of intersectional public policies that allow the reduction of social and gender inequalities and the insertion of women since their childhood in environments that enhance the quality of life.

Grady, M. D. and J. M. Abramson (2011). "Has Social Work Heeded the Call? Sex Offender Content in Social Work." Social Work Education 30(4): 440-453.
	For more than a decade, social work educators have advocated for social work curricula to include content on both general offenders and the subpopulation of sexual offenders. Although advocates have attempted to guide educators to logical points in routine curriculum where such content could be infused, it is unclear whether educators have responded adequately. This article reports findings from an exploratory study that examined whether master's level social work programs have heeded the call for the inclusion of content on sexual perpetrators into their programs. In addition, the study examined the programs' rationale for the inclusion or exclusion of such material. Data collected via a web-based survey completed by 42 master's level social work programs in the United States indicate that 61% of the schools include some content on sexual offenders whereas five programs included no content on sexual offenders. Faculty reasons for their decisions are discussed. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Social Work Education is the property of Routledge and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Graham, J. E., et al. (2012). "Capacity for a global vaccine safety system: the perspective of national regulatory authorities." Vaccine 30(33): 4953-4959.
	Confidence in vaccine safety is critical to national immunization strategies and to global public health. To meet the Millenium Development Goals, and buoyed by the success of new vaccines produced in developing countries, the World Health Organization has been developing a strategy to establish a global system for effective vaccine pharmacovigilance in all countries. This paper reports the findings of a qualitative survey, conducted for the WHO Global Vaccine Safety Blueprint project, on the perspectives of national regulatory authorities responsible for vaccine safety in manufacturing and procuring countries. Capacity and capabilities of detecting, reporting and responding to adverse events following immunization (AEFI), and expectations of minimum capacity necessary for vaccine pharmacovigilance were explored. Key barriers to establishing a functional national vaccine safety system in developing countries were identified. The lack of infrastructure, information technology for stable communications and data exchange, and human resources affect vaccine safety monitoring in developing countries. A persistent "fear of reporting" in several low and middle income countries due to insufficient training and insecure employment underlies a perceived lack of political will in many governments for vaccine pharmacovigilance. Regulators recommended standardized and internationally harmonized safety reporting forms, improved surveillance mechanisms, and a global network for access and exchange of safety data independent of industry.

Graham, K., et al. (2012). "Does the Relationship Between Depression and Intimate Partner Aggression Vary by Gender, Victim-Perpetrator Role, and Aggression Severity?" Violence & Victims 27(5): 730-743.
	Research has shown a consistent link between intimate partner violence (IPV) and depression, although this association may vary by gender, role in IPV (victim, perpetrator, or bidirectional), and aggression severity. We evaluated these factors in a telephone survey of 14,063 Canadians. All three factors were found to affect the association of depression with IPV Specifically, depression was more strongly associated with IPV by a partner (i.e., victimization) for women but with aggression toward a partner (i.e., perpetration) for men. Severity of aggression was associated with increased risk of depression for both one-sided and bidirectional aggression by a partner but more strongly for one-sided aggression toward a partner. These findings suggest that research, prevention, and treatment should focus on all roles in IPV, not just male-to-female aggression. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Violence & Victims is the property of Springer Publishing Company, Inc. and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Grantz, K. H., et al. (2019). "Factors influencing participation in an Ebola vaccine trial among front-line workers in Guinea." Vaccine 37(48): 7165-7170.
	Background: Alongside the clinical aspects of the immunogenicity and safety trial of an Ebola vaccine deployed among front-line workers, a qualitative study was conducted to describe motivations behind individuals' decisions to participate - or not to participate - in the study. Methods: In July and August 2015, focus group discussions and semi-structured individual interviews were conducted in Conakry, Guinea. Individuals were eligible for the qualitative study if they met the inclusion criteria of the immunogenicity and safety study irrespective of their participation. Surveys were also conducted among several institution and department heads of staff included in the study as well as vaccine trial staff members. Discussion and interview transcripts were analyzed using content thematic analysis. Results: Interviews and focus groups were conducted among 110 persons, of whom about two-thirds (67%) participated in the vaccine trial. There was at least one group interview conducted at each participating trial site, along with numerous formal and informal interviews and conversations through the enrollment period. Participants were often motivated by a desire to save and protect themselves and others, contribute to scientific progress, or lead by example. Non-participants expressed concerns regarding the risk and costs of participation, particularly the fear of unknown side effects following vaccination, and distrust or fear of stigmatization. Conclusions: Despite the unique nature of the 2014-2015 Ebola outbreak, front-line workers employed much of the same logic when choosing to participate as in other clinical trials in similar settings. Special consideration should be given to addressing perceived inequity, misunderstanding, and mistrust among the target populations in future trials.

Greenfield, T. K., et al. (2014). "Second-hand drinking may increase support for alcohol policies: new results from the 2010 National Alcohol Survey." Drug and Alcohol Review 33(3): 259-267.
	Introduction and Aims. The harms of second-hand smoke motivated tobacco control legislation. Documenting the effects of harms from others' drinking might increase popular and political will for enacting alcohol policies. We investigated the individual-level relationship between having experienced such harms and favouring alcohol policy measures, adjusting for other influences. Design and Methods. We used the landline sample (n=6957) of the 2010 National Alcohol Survey, a computer-assisted telephone interview survey based on a random household sample in the USA. Multivariable regression models adjusted for personal characteristics, including drinking pattern (volume and heavy drinking), were used to investigate the ability of six harms from others' drinking to predict a three-item measure of favour for stronger alcohol policies. Results. Adjusting for demographics and drinking pattern, number of harms from others' drinking predicted support for alcohol policies (P&lt;0.001). In a similar model, family- and aggression-related harms, riding with a drink driver and being concerned about another's drinking all significantly influenced favour for stronger alcohol policy. Discussion. Although cross-sectional data cannot prove a causal influence or directionality, the association found is consistent with the hypothesis that experiencing harms from others' drinking (experienced by a majority) makes one more likely to favour alcohol policies. Other things equal, women, racial/ethnic minorities, lower-income individuals and lighter drinkers tend to be more supportive of alcohol controls and policies. Conclusions. Studies that estimate the impact of harms from other drinkers on those victimised are important and now beginning. Next we need to learn how such information could affect decision makers and legislators.

Greenfield, T. K., et al. (2016). "Those harmed by others' drinking in the US population are more depressed and distressed." Drug & Alcohol Review 35(1): 22-29.
	<bold>Introduction and Aims: </bold>Harms from second-hand smoke were instrumental in enacting tobacco controls. Documenting negative impacts of harms from others' drinking (also called second-hand effects of drinking) is vital to increase political will for optimal alcohol policies. We assessed associations between harms from others' drinking and depression in a national sample of US adults.<bold>Design and Methods: </bold>Using the landline sample from the 2010 National Alcohol Survey (n = 5388), weighted logistic regression models adjusting for alcohol problems in family of origin, respondent drinking pattern (volume and heaviest drinking), poverty and other demographics were used to analyse associations between experiencing harms from others' drinking in the last 12 months with mild to moderate depression (8-item Center for Epidemiologic Studies Depression scale; alpha = 0.92; using cut point ≥8) and current distress.<bold>Results: </bold>Past 12 month family/marital harms, financial troubles, assaults, and vandalised property attributed to others' drinking were each associated with higher depression scores (all P < 0.001). In a combined model, all harms other than assaults remained highly significant. Similar patterns were found for current distress, but with some specific differences because of measurement and analytic approaches chosen also evident.<bold>Discussion: </bold>Findings suggest recently experiencing particular harms from others' drinking significantly affects mental health (both depression and distress). This confirms in a US population results recently reported in Australasian samples.<bold>Conclusions: </bold>Studies that quantify the extent to which heavy drinkers victimise others are important for alcohol policy. [Greenfield TK, Karriker-Jaffe KJ, Kerr WC, Ye Y, Kaplan LM. Those harmed by others' drinking in the US population are more depressed and distressed. Drug Alcohol Rev 2015;●●:●●-●●]. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Drug & Alcohol Review is the property of Wiley-Blackwell and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Griebeler, M., et al. (2012). "Parental beliefs and knowledge about male human papillomavirus vaccination in the US: a survey of a pediatric clinic population." International Journal of Adolescent Medicine and Health 24(4): 315-320.
	The purpose of this study is to examine US parental knowledge of human papillomavirus (HPV) in males, views on vaccination, and correlation to vaccination rates. The survey was conducted of clinic population about parental knowledge and beliefs of male HPV health outcomes and vaccination. There were a total of 102 participants who completed the survey. Perceived parental knowledge about the virus was reported as "a lot" by 11%, "some" by 50%, and "very little/nothing" by 38% of the participants. However, knowledge of HPV was moderate, with only 14% of the respondents answering all knowledge questions correctly; 64% of the respondents correctly identified HPV as a cause of genital warts in males, 43% identified at least one HPV-related cancer, and 30% were unable to identify any health outcomes in males. There was a statistically significant correlation between perceived and actual knowledge, with &gt;15% of the survey respondents correctly identifying that HPV does not clear up on its own (p=0.004). Of the participants who did not vaccinate, reasons included the following: 54% fulfilled the child's wish not to be vaccinated, 38% reported belief vaccine is unsafe, and 38% indicated that their children are too young and/or expressed fear that the vaccine would negatively affect behavior. This study supports the fact that parental beliefs and attitudes are more important than actual knowledge about HPV or HPV vaccination. The implication to physicians is to tailor discussions to address fears about the dangers or complications, emphasize the safety of the vaccine, and address sources of misinformation.

Groff, E. and T. Taniguchi (2019). "Using citizen notification to interrupt near-repeat residential burglary patterns: the micro-level near-repeat experiment." Journal of experimental criminology 15(2): 115-149.
	Objectives: Test the efficacy of swift resident notification for preventing subsequent burglaries within near-repeat high-risk zones (NR-HRZ). Methods: The experiment was conducted in Baltimore County, Maryland and Redlands, California. As residential burglaries came to the attention of the police, a trickle randomization process was used to assign each micro-level NR-HRZ (measured 800 ft, 244 m from the burglary location) and associated buffer (400 ft, 122 m) to treatment or control. Treatment was performed by uniform agency volunteers and consisted of swift notification to residents in the area of increased risk of burglary victimization. Treatment and control zones were compared for differences in the mean count of residential burglary using independent samples t tests. Two surveys were administered to gauge the impact of the program: one targeted residents and one targeted at the treatment providers. Results: There was limited evidence that the treatment reduced follow-on burglaries. The effectiveness of the intervention varied depending on the post-intervention time period being considered. The results of the community survey suggested that: (1) the most frequent crime prevention actions taken by residents were relatively low-cost and low-effort and (2) notification did not increase resident fear of burglary. The treatment provider survey found that the program was effective at increasing the level of engagement between volunteers and the agency and had positive impacts on community perception. Conclusions: This research demonstrated that law enforcement volunteers can be used to undertake programs that have positive impacts on police-community relations. Limitations included low near-repeat counts, delays in discovering/reporting burglary, and staffing constraints. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Journal of Experimental Criminology is the property of Springer Nature and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Grygorczyk, A., et al. (2017). "Applying appeal ratings and CATA for making word choices in messaging about food technology." Food Quality and Preference 62: 237-245.
	Consumers are increasingly interested in the practices surrounding food production. Transparency has been identified as a key component of consumer trust building to earn social license for innovations in plant biotechnology. However, the increasing complexity of these technologies has made clear, that concise communication between experts and the public is a challenge. The present research applies appeal ratings and CATA (Check-all that-apply), supplemented with in-person interviews to verify comprehension, in order to refine wording around explanations of plant breeding tools. Appeal ratings and CATA were able to successfully distinguish preferred phrasings to improve the wording around food production processes. Based on the outcomes, recommendations are made to avoid technical jargon and plant anthropomorphisms, add back familiarity (for example with images of people or familiar processes) and address the fear of unintended consequences. This research is the first attempt to use appeal ratings and CATA to fine-tune message wording and demonstrates the utility of the protocol for use by consumer and sensory researchers to assist marketing teams with developing optimal product taglines or to aid PR and communications groups within their organizations.

Guerin, G. D., et al. (2012). "Therapeutic itineraries of users of medication in a unit of the Family Heatlh Strategy. / Itinerários terapêuticos de usuários de medicamentos de uma unidade de Estratégia de Saúde da Família." Ciência & Saúde Coletiva 17(11): 3003-3010.
	Therapeutic itineraries represent the trajectories taken by individuals in an attempt to resolve their health problems. The objective of this study was to analyze the trajectory when user prescription medication needs were not met in a Family Health Strategy Unit of the city of Porto Alegre. A database of users whose prescription needs were not fully met and the application of a questionnaire during home visits was performed. Users interviewed were between 53 and 85 years of age. The main problems reported were lack of money, physical difficulty in locomotion, side effects, illegible prescriptions, unavailability of medication in the local pharmacies of the city, fear of effects attributed to the medication, and "bureaucracy." When the medication is not available at the health unit, most users (60%) reported buying it. With respect to the communication of the family health team in the orientation of ways that the user can gain access to the medication, 25% of the respondents reported that the team did not provide necessary information about the alternate location for the acquisition of the medication that was lacking.

Guerra, C. and N. Pereda (2015). "Research With Adolescent Victims of Child Sexual Abuse: Evaluation of Emotional Impact on Participants." Journal of Child Sexual Abuse 24(8): 943-958.
	The aim of this study was to evaluate the emotional impact on adolescent victims of sexual abuse from participating in a study addressing the consequences of their abuse. A total of 114 adolescents between 12 and 17 years old participated (54 sexually abused adolescents and 60 nonabused students). Both groups responded to a battery of scales to determine their coping strategies and some psychological consequences linked to stressful experiences and two questions about the emotional impact of participating in the study. Sexually abused adolescents reported fewer unpleasant emotions after participating than did nonvictim students (mean difference = .45,t[109] = −2.934;p < .01). Adolescents who had more symptoms reported more discomfort (rSscores between .35 and .49;p < .01). These results suggest that when ethical guidelines are followed, it is possible to survey adolescent victims of sexual abuse on aspects related to their experience without causing them significant distress. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Journal of Child Sexual Abuse is the property of Taylor & Francis Ltd and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Guure, C., et al. (2019). "Factors influencing unmet need for family planning among Ghanaian married/union women: a multinomial mixed effects logistic regression modelling approach." Archives of Public Health 77(11): (12 March 2019)-(2012 March 2019).
	Background: Unmet need for family planning is high (30%) in Ghana. Reducing unmet need for family planning will reduce the high levels of unintended pregnancies, unsafe abortions, maternal and neonatal morbidity and mortality. The purpose of this study was to examine factors that are associated with unmet need for family planning to help scale up the uptake of family planning services in Ghana. Methods: This cross sectional descriptive and inferential study involved secondary data analysis of women in the reproductive age (15-49 years) from the Ghana Demographic and Health Survey 2014 data. The outcome variable was unmet need for family planning which was categorized into three as no unmet need, unmet need for limiting and unmet need for spacing. Chi-squared test statistic and bivariate multilevel multinomial mixed effects logistic regression model were used to determine significant variables which were included for the multivariable multilevel multinomial mixed effects logistic regression model. All significant variables (p&lt;0.05) based on the bivariate analysis were included in the multinomial mixed effects logistic regression model via model building approach. Results: Women who fear contraceptive side effects were about 2.94 (95% CI, 2.28, 3.80) and 2.58 (95% CI, 2.05, 3.24) times more likely to have an unmet need for limiting and spacing respectively compared to those who do not fear side effects. Respondents' age was a very significant predictor of unmet need for family planning. There was very high predictive probability among 45-49 year group (0.86) compared to the 15-19 year group (0.02) for limiting. The marginal predictive probability for spacing changed significantly from 0.74 to 0.04 as age changed from 15 to 19 to 45-49 years. Infrequent sexual intercourse, opposition from partners, socio-economic (wealth index, respondents educational level, respondents and partner's occupation) and cultural (religion and ethnicity) were all significant determinants of both unmet need for limiting and spacing. Conclusions: This study reveals that fear of side effect, infrequent sex, age, ethnicity, partner's education and region were the most highly significant predictors of both limiting and spacing. These factors must be considered in trying to meet the unmet need for family planning.

Guzy, N. and H. Leitgob (2015). "Assessing mode effects in online and telephone victimization surveys." International Review of Victimology 21(1): 101-131.
	Victimization surveys not only represent a vital data source for estimating the amount of crime within a social entity but also provide victimological researchers with valuable information, e.g. about the social distribution and consequences of victimization experiences. To assure adequate interpretation of victimization survey data, knowledge about the data-generating process in general and the measurement of victimization experiences in particular is essential. In 2010, a new round of the International Crime and Victim Survey (ICVS-2) was conducted to explore the different effects of telephone and online victimization surveys. To understand the processes behind these, this study follows a theory-driven approach. Based on a four-step cognitive model of survey response, hypotheses about expected mode effects on the response behavior were developed. For hypothesis testing, a hierarchical modeling strategy based on logistic regressions was applied to the ICVS-2 data. As hypothesized, no effects of survey mode on the response process could be identified for most victimization items. After controlling for sampling frame and unit non-response, the effects of survey administration mode on the propensity of reporting victimization vanished. The sensitive sexual victimization item represented the only exception. In this case, the remaining mode effect could be fully accounted for by systematically differing item non-response rates between modes. Adapted from the source document.

Gyedu, A., et al. (2016). "Barriers to essential surgical care experienced by women in the two northernmost regions of Ghana: a cross-sectional survey." BMC Women's Health 16(27): (26 May 2016)-(2026 May 2016).
	Background: Women in developing countries might experience certain barriers to care more frequently than men. We aimed to describe barriers to essential surgical care that women face in five communities in Ghana. Methods: Questions regarding potential barriers were asked during surgical outreaches to five communities in the northernmost regions of Ghana. Responses were scored in three dimensions from 0 to 18 (i.e., 'acceptability,' 'affordability,' and 'accessibility'; 18 implied no barriers). A barrier to care index out of 10 was derived (10 implied no barriers). An open-ended question to elicit gender-specific barriers was also asked. Results: Of the 320 participants approached, 315 responded (response rate 98%); 149 were women (47%). Women had a slightly lower barriers to surgical care index (median index 7.4; IQR 3.9-9.1) than men (7.9; IQR 3.9-9.4; p=0.002). Compared with men, women had lower accessibility and acceptability dimension scores (14.4/18 vs 14.4/18; p=0.001 and 13.5/18 vs 14/18; p=0.05, respectively), but similar affordability scores (13.5/18 vs 13.5/18; p=0.13). Factors contributing to low dimension scores among women included fear of anesthesia, lack of social support, and difficulty navigating healthcare, as well as lack of hospital privacy and confidentiality. Conclusion: Women had a slightly lower barriers to surgical care index than men, which may indicate greater barriers to surgical care. However, the actual significance of this difference is not yet known. Community-level education regarding the safety and benefits of essential surgical care is needed. Additionally, healthcare facilities must ensure a private and confidential care environment. These interventions might ameliorate some barriers to essential surgical care for women in Ghana, as well as other LMICs more broadly.

Ha Do, B., et al. (2017). "Language Barrier as a Risk Factor for Injuries From Patient Violence Among Direct Care Workers in Home Settings: Findings From a U.S. National Sample." Violence & Victims 32(5): 858-868.
	This study explored potential risk factors for injuries from patient violence among direct care workers in U.S. homes (DCWHs). A national probability sample of 3,377 DCWHs including home health and personal care aides was analyzed using complex sample analysis and generalized estimating equation. Injury from violence was defined as a workrelated injury sustained by aggression, violence, or abuse that was reported to the agency, required medical attention or resulted in absenteeism from work. An association between suffering an injury from patient violence and having a language barrier with patients was noted (OR = 4.44; 95% CI = 1.57, 12.56; p = .005). Findings illuminate the importance of homecare providers to match language between DCWHs and patients to reduce patient violence and improve quality of care in the home setting. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Violence & Victims is the property of Springer Publishing Company, Inc. and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Haas, S. M. and D. H. Spence (2017). "Use of Core Correctional Practice and Inmate Preparedness for Release." International Journal of Offender Therapy and Comparative Criminology 61(13): 1455-1478.
	Core correctional practices (CCP) are an evidence-based approach that can improve the quality of the prison environment and enhance prisoner outcomes. CCP focus on increasing the effectiveness of treatment interventions as well as the therapeutic potential of relationships between prisoners and correctional staff. This study utilizes a new survey-based measurement tool to assess inmate perceptions of the quality of service delivery and level of adherence to CCP. It then examines the relationship between perceptions of CCP and prisoner's preparedness for releasing using both bivariate and multivariate analyses. The results show that the perceptions of CCP are positively correlated with readiness for release and are the most powerful predictor of readiness for release in the multivariate models. Implications for the future operationalization of CCP and its role in prisoner reentry are discussed.

Haberman, C. P., et al. (2016). "Satisfaction With Police in Violent Crime Hot Spots." Crime & Delinquency 62(4): 525-557.
	This article argues that citizens’ perceptions of police can aid in selecting appropriate hot spots policing tactics and models satisfaction with police as evidenced by respondents who live or work in violent crime hot spots. Survey data (N = 630) were collected by randomly sampling addresses within violent crime hot spots in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, USA. The results reveal that being younger, or more educated, or perceiving higher procedural injustice, or higher social disorder, or being more fearful of crime, all link to lower satisfaction with police in violent crime hot spots. To maintain or improve public satisfaction with police services in hot spots, police departments should adopt tactics that are not only effective in reducing crime but also procedurally just, reduce fear of crime, and address social disorder problems. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Crime & Delinquency is the property of Sage Publications Inc. and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Haenni, M., et al. (2012). "Methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus of human origin in pets. / Des staphylocoques dorés résistants à la méticilline d'origine humaine chez les animaux de compagnie." Point Vétérinaire 43(328 Part 1): 8-9.
	This study was conducted to determine the prevalence of methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) infections in domestic carnivores (dogs and cats) in France and to characterize the clones identified. A total of 1250 strains of coagulase-positive Staphylococcus were analysed between 2006 and 2010. Of these strains, 23 were confirmed as MRSA in 16 dogs and 7 cats with no epidemiological link. The results indicated that the prevalence of MRSA infections in dogs and cats was probably low France (less than 2% in this collection of strains). Other staphylococci isolated were of the genus Staphylococcus pseudintermedius, confirming that the main coagulase positive staphylococci responsible for infections in dogs and cats was not S. aureus. However, when the presence of MRSA was confirmed, the probability that it was a clone of human origin was high. The distribution of clones identified in domestic carnivores in France appeared very similar to that of human clones in the hospital and community, with the majority belonging to clone Lyon and to a lesser extent to clone Geraldine. Moreover, the detection of 2 atypical clones (USA300 and Barnim) showed that dogs and cats could also be vectors of isolates infrequent in France. Thus, these animals, which occupied a privileged place in the family, could not only be victims of human MRSA strains but could also act as reservoirs. The high prevalence of methicillin-resistant pseudintermedius (MRSP) observed in dogs might indicate genetic recombinations with its close relative S. aureus.

Hagan, J., et al. (2009). "Racial targeting of sexual violence in Darfur." American journal of public health 99(8): 1386-1392.
	Objectives. We used the Atrocities Documentation Survey to determine whether Sudanese government forces were involved in racially targeting sexual victimization toward ethnically African women in the Darfur region of western Sudan. Methods. The US State Department conducted the survey by interviewing a randomized multistage probability sample of 1136 Darfur refugees at 20 sites in Chad in 2004. For a subset of 932 respondents who had fled from village clusters that accounted for 15 or more respondents per cluster, we used hierarchical linear models to analyze village-level patterns of reported sexual violence. We statistically controlled for individual sexual victimization to remove bias. Results. Respondents reported being subjected to racial epithets associated with sexual victimization significantly more often during combined attacks by Sudanese government forces and Janjaweed militia forces than during separate attacks by either force. Conclusions. Combined attacks by Sudanese government forces and Janjaweed militia forces led to racial epithets being used more often during sexual victimization in Darfur. Our results suggest that the Sudanese government is participating in the use of sexual assault as a racially targeted weapon against ethnically African civilians.

Hagani, N., et al. (2019). "Fear of catastrophic health expenditures and unrealistic expectations from supplementary health insurance: ethnic differences." International Health (RSTMH) 11(4): 283-289.
	Background: In Israel, the whole population is covered by comprehensive universal health insurance. Despite that, most of the population purchases supplementary health insurance (SHI). It has been shown that individuals purchase more health insurance and preventive medicine when they are uncertain of their state of health, while a majority may not fully understand basic concepts in their health insurance coverage. The purpose of this study was to examine the role of fear of catastrophic health expenditures and unrealistic expectations in purchasing SHI, which does not cover expenses for life-threatening illnesses. Methods: A cross-sectional survey was conducted among random samples of 814 Jews and 800 Arabs in Israel. A structured questionnaire was administered by telephone using random digit dialling. Log-linear regression was used to identify factors associated with reasons for purchasing SHI and expectations from SHI. Results: The most common reason for purchasing SHI was fear of catastrophic health-related expenditures (41%). The most important service expected from SHI was 'cancer medications' (mean 4.68 [standard deviation 0.87]). Differences in the reasons for purchasing SHI and in expectations from SHI were found according to population group, age, gender and education. Conclusions: Consumers' misconceptions and fear of catastrophic health expenditures are major factors leading to the purchase of SHI, despite universal health coverage. Improved and accessible information should help consumers make informed decisions as to whether or not to purchase SHI.

Hajdu, G. and T. Hajdu (2016). "The Impact of Culture on Well-Being: Evidence from a Natural Experiment." Journal of Happiness Studies 17(3): 1089-1110.
	This paper examines the effect of culture on subjective well-being. By exploiting the natural experiment of migration we are able to separate the effect of culture (intrinsic cultural disposition, values, beliefs, norms) from other extrinsic institutional, economic and social factors. Using data from five rounds of the European Social Survey we find that holding constant the external environment (living in the same residence country) and controlling for the important socio-demographic attributes, immigrants from countries with high levels of life satisfaction report higher life satisfaction than immigrants from countries with low levels of life satisfaction. The effect of satisfaction in the birth country lasts across generations and is stronger for immigrants who are more attached to the culture of their birth country. Since any observed differences among the immigrants is their cultural background (their birth countries), the results can be interpreted as the effect of culture on life satisfaction. Our results suggest that besides economic and social variables, institutions and personal characteristics, cultural factors play an important role in satisfaction.

Hakkarainen, P., et al. (2019). "Examining the blurred boundaries between medical and recreational cannabis – results from an international study of small-scale cannabis cultivators." Drugs: Education, Prevention & Policy 26(3): 250-258.
	Aim: To compare characteristics of recreational vs. medical growers in a sample of small-scale cannabis cultivators from 12 countries. Methods: Six thousand eight hundred ninety six respondents who took part in an online survey were divided into three groups as: those who reported growing for recreational use, those cultivating for medical purposes who also reported use of other illegal drugs, and those who reported cultivation for medical use and didn't use other illegal substances. The groups were compared using multinomial logistic regression. Findings: In comparison to recreational growers, the two groups of medical growers included more females, consumed cannabis more frequently, and were more likely to cite health-related motivations for growing. The medical growers without other illicit drug use shared some of the same features with the medical growers with illicit drug use, but in comparison to both other groups, they were older, used less alcohol and tobacco, and were less likely to be involved in illicit activities other than drug crimes. Conclusions: Findings suggest that claims of medical use are not simply an attempt to justify personal cannabis consumption, but do at least partly reflect a genuine belief in medical benefit. However, those growing cannabis for medical reasons form a heterogeneous group of people. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Drugs: Education, Prevention & Policy is the property of Taylor & Francis Ltd and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Halim, N., et al. (2018). "Variability and validity of intimate partner violence reporting by couples in Tanzania." PLoS ONE 13(3): e0193253-e0193253.
	In recent years, major global institutions have amplified their efforts to address intimate partner violence (IPV) against women - a global health and human rights violation affecting 15-71% of reproductive aged women over their lifetimes. Still, some scholars remain concerned about the validity of instruments used for IPV assessment in population-based studies. In this paper, we conducted two validation analyses using novel data from 450 women-men dyads across nine villages in Northern Tanzania. First, we examined the level of inter-partner agreement in reporting of men's physical, sexual, emotional and economic IPV against women in the last three and twelve months prior to the survey, ever in the relationship, and during pregnancy. Second, we conducted a convergent validity analysis to compare the relative efficacy of men's self-reports of perpetration and women's of victimization as a valid indicator of IPV against Tanzanian women using logistic regression models with village-level clustered errors. We found that, for every violence type across the recall periods of the last three months, the last twelve months and ever in the relationship, at least one in three couples disagreed about IPV occurrences in the relationship. Couples' agreement about physical, sexual and economic IPV during pregnancy was high with 86-93% of couples reporting concordantly. Also, men's self-reported perpetration had statistically significant associations with at least as many validated risk factors as had women's self-reported victimization. This finding suggests that men's self-reports are at least as valid as women's as an indicator of IPV against women in Northern Tanzania. We recommend more validation studies are conducted in low-income countries, and that data on relationship factors affecting IPV reports and reporting are made available along with data on IPV occurrences.

Haller, M., et al. (2016). "Ethnic Stratification and Patterns of Income Inequality Around the World: A Cross-National Comparison of 123 Countries, Based on a New Index of Historic Ethnic Exploitation." Social Indicators Research 128(3): 1047-1084.
	Income distributions within countries vary tremendously in global comparison. While income inequality is generally higher in the United States than in Europe, extreme differences prevail in Sub-Saharan Africa and Latin America. Income inequality is particularly low in Scandinavia and Central East Europe, but also in Japan. In the last decades, global economic inequality between nation states has been declining while within-nation inequality has been increasing in many regions. The purpose of this paper is to explain the huge international variations in within-country income inequality, focusing upon the role of present-day ethnic diversity and historic ethnic exploitation (slavery)--two aspects rather neglected in most comparative sociological research. Three hypotheses about the origins and factors producing international differences in intra-national patterns of income inequality are formulated and tested on the basis of a newly created aggregate data set of 123 countries. Also a new indicator measuring historic ethnic exploitation on a global scale is introduced. In our empirical analysis, we describe the substantial differences in within-country income inequality on the global scale, and present evidence for the impact of historic and current ethnic structures as well as of political institutional factors both through descriptive and regression analyses. The results support the thesis of an impact of historic ethnic exploitation; it can be reduced by redistributive political institutions (welfare state, federalism, Communist systems). The effect of ethnic heterogeneity can be extinguished fully by these institutions.

Hamby, S. (2016). "Advancing survey science for intimate partner violence: The Partner Victimization Scale and other innovations." Psychology of Violence 6(2): 352-359.
	This reply addresses the key points raised by Straus as well as Jouriles and Kamata in their commentaries on Hamby (2016), including (a) that the Partner Victimization Scale (PVS) has already shown incremental validity because it has demonstrated a well-established form of validity, multimethod convergence, which some self-report measures cannot show, in addition to data on reliability and construct validity; (b) that it is not uncommon for new scientific technologies to lead to improvements in sensitivity as well as specificity, (c) that the PVS is a measure of intimate partner violence, not a measure of physical assault, which is why it also includes sexual violence (although gender parity is not found for the physical assault items); and (d) that the PVS does not refer to fear or any related terms. Additional data have replicated the PVS findings from Hamby’s Study 4, and new findings from other researchers have also shown that changes in item wording can bring intimate partner violence (IPV) self-report in line with other indicators regarding gender patterns. Of importance, the items on at least 2 of these methodologies, the PVS and the new Youth Risk Behavior Survey, increase disclosure of victimization by females. The conceptual basis for understanding how improved scientific technology can increase sensitivity and specificity is presented. It is an exciting time in IPV measurement because several alternatives that address the decades-old controversy in multimethod divergence in gender patterns are now available. It is hoped that more scientific innovation will occur in the future. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)

Hamby, S., et al. (2012). "Teen dating violence: Co-occurrence with other victimizations in the National Survey of Children's Exposure to Violence (NatSCEV)." Psychology of Violence 2(2): 111-124.
	Objective: To examine the co-occurrence of physical teen dating violence (TDV) with other forms of victimization. Method: The sample includes 1,680 youth aged 12 to 17 from the National Survey of Children's Exposure to Violence (NatSCEV), a nationally representative telephone survey of victimization experiences. Results: Every victim of physical TDV (100%) reported at least one other type of victimization. Physical TDV is very closely associated with several other forms of victimization in this sample, with adjusted odds ratio ranging from 1.48 to 17.13. The lifetime rate of TDV was 6.4% for all youth, but TDV rates reached 17% for youth who had been physically abused by a caregiver, 25% for youth who had been raped, and 50% for youth (<16 years) who had experienced statutory rape or sexual misconduct by a partner more than 5 years older. Victims of TDV reported, on average, twice as many other types of victimizations as those with no history of TDV. Conclusions: These data indicate that physical TDV is especially closely associated with some forms of child maltreatment, sexual victimization, and polyvictimization. Universal dating violence prevention programs designed for youth who have not yet, or just recently, started dating will typically include a large number of youth who have already been victimized by other forms of violence. Prevention curricula may be more effective if they address the needs of victimized youth, for example, by teaching skills for coping with prior victimization experiences. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2019 APA, all rights reserved)

Hamby, S. and H. Turner (2013). "Measuring teen dating violence in males and females: Insights from the national survey of children’s exposure to violence." Psychology of Violence 3(4): 323-339.
	Objective: To assess the impact of different operationalizations of teen dating violence (TDV) on rates and gender patterns by incorporating sexual victimization, injury, and fear data into TDV scores. We also compare gender differences in fear reports for TDV with other victimization types. Method: Youth aged 12 to 17 (n = 1,680) were interviewed by telephone for the National Survey of Children’s Exposure to Violence. Results: Depending on the inclusion criteria applied, the overall TDV rate varied from 1.4% to 7.5%. Rates for female youth ranged from 1.9% for injurious violence to a high of 6.3% for any report of physical or sexual force. Rates for male youth ranged from a low of 1.0% for injurious violence to a high of 8.6% for any report of physical or sexual force. Although the most common TDV operationalization, any physical force, resulted in a higher rate of male (7.9%) than female (4.5%) victimization, most other definitions resulted in a higher rate for females than males. TDV defined as any sexual, physically injurious, or fear-inducing incidents produced a female victimization rate of 5.1% and a male victimization rate of 3.1%. Fear reports to TDV incidents showed the largest gender difference in the entire National Survey of Children’s Exposure to Violence. Many other victimization types were viewed as similarly fear-inducing by males and females. Conclusions: IPV research would benefit from a greater diversity of approaches to operationalization and measurement. The use of screeners plus follow-ups is one practical alternative that obtains more incident details. TDV may be more difficult to assess in gender-equivalent ways than other forms of youth victimization. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2019 APA, all rights reserved)

Hamed Hosseini, S. A. and L. J. Saha (2018). "How ‘Critically Open-Minded’ Are We? An Australian Perspective Through the World Values Survey." Social Indicators Research 136(3): 1211-1236.
	This article introduces ‘critical open-mindedness’ as a new sociological construct, which can be employed particularly in the studies of social attitudes and attitude change, social values, social identities, cross-cultural relations and social discrimination. By drawing on the data collected through the 2005 World Values Survey in Australia, we have operationalized the construct into an integrative social index, called ‘critical open-mindedness index’ consisting of five dimensional composite indicators (CIs; i.e. the social, political, cultural, economic, and environmental). We have adopted an integrative approach to constructing these composite indicators in which we pragmatically select and incorporate a variety of techniques with the purpose of maximizing the validity of the end results. The findings with respect to Australians’ critical open-mindedness, both in general and in reference to its five dimensions are discussed. We have also developed and examined a social psychological index of ‘socio-cognitive open-mindedness’ inspired by a number of commonly used international scales and by drawing on the same dataset. We have shown that these two types of open-mindedness are qualitatively different. Our analysis does not support the idea that individuals’ social psychological open-mindedness determines their critical open-mindedness. It is rather the opposite which is the case.

Hamelin, C., et al. (2009). "Childhood sexual abuse and adult binge drinking among Kanak women in New Caledonia." Social Science & Medicine 68(7): 1247-1253.
	The long-term consequences of violence against women are poorly documented within the context of political domination, economic inequalities and rapid social change of indigenous communities. Using data from the first population study on violence against women and their consequences on health in New Caledonia, South Pacific, this article investigates the association between childhood sexual abuse and binge drinking among 441 adult Kanak women. Face-to-face standardised interviews were conducted in 2002-2003, among women aged 18-54 years drawn from the electoral rolls. Childhood sexual abuse before 15 years of age was reported by 11.6% of respondents. Nearly all the perpetrators (96%) were known to the victims (63% being a close relative). The rate of frequent binge drinking amongst the women within the last 12 months was 34%. After controlling for social and demographic factors, an independent association was found between childhood sexual abuse and current binge drinking. This study is the first to analyse the contribution of childhood sexual abuse to the likelihood of later heavy alcohol use in an indigenous population in the South Pacific. The findings call for improving and giving priority to care for children who are victims of violence to prevent long-term health consequences and to develop prevention programs aimed at alcohol-related behaviour in women, while taking into account simultaneous individual and collective factors.

Hamilton, L., et al. (2015). "Treatment Programmes for Substance Abusing Offenders in Europe: A Survey of Routine Practice." European Journal on Criminal Policy and Research 21(3): 371-384.
	Issue Title: Special Issue on Wildlife Crime This article presents the results of an international survey of treatment programmes for drug and alcohol abusing offenders throughout the European Union. Questionnaires on 86 programmes were collected from 27 EU countries. They captured data about programme design, delivery, administration, infrastructure and other features. Most programmes targeted any level of substance abuse. We observed many types of treatment modality across Europe. There was a preference for cognitive behavioural and non-behavioural programmes over pharmacological treatments and therapeutic communities. Governments provided the funding for almost all the programmes. Practitioners noted that maintaining client motivation was central to realising effective treatment delivery. Most respondents indicated that some basic process evaluation data were gathered to help maintain treatment fidelity. However, methodologically sound outcome evaluations of programme effectiveness were rare. The findings reveal discrepancies between routine practice and the results of international evaluation research. They clearly underline the need to integrate evaluation into routine practice and for greater use of evidence-based policies across the continent.

Hamilton, L., et al. (2013). "Domestic Violence Perpetrator Programs in Europe, Part I: A survey of Current Practice." International Journal of Offender Therapy and Comparative Criminology 57(10): 1189-1205.
	Most research on domestic violence perpetrator programs has been carried out in North America. It does not yet provide a clear picture on what works with these offenders and cannot be generalized to other cultural and legal systems. Therefore, in Part I of this article, we present the results of a survey of 54 programs that were in place in 19 European countries that addressed the programs' practice and effects. The survey captured data about program design, delivery, administration, infrastructure, and other features. Most programs applied cognitive-behavioral, profeminist, or psychodynamic treatment, or a combination of multiple treatment types. There was a wide disparity in approaches to handling domestic violence perpetrators, and a particular dearth of high-quality evaluation throughout the continent. Possible explanations for this disparity and avenues for improvement are discussed, related to a systematic review of European outcome evaluations (Part II). [Reprinted by permission of Sage Publications Inc., copyright holder.]

Han, B., et al. (2018). "Violent crime and park use in low-income urban neighborhoods." American Journal of Preventive Medicine 54(3): 352-358.
	Introduction: Crime and safety are often cited as potential hurdles to park use and park-based physical activity. Using comprehensive data sources including both objective and subjective measurements at the park level and the individual level, this study aimed to assess the association between crime rates and use of local parks in low-income urban neighborhoods. Methods: The authors observed 48 parks and conducted local resident surveys in low-income neighborhoods in Los Angeles during a 2-year study period (2013-2015). Crime data were geocoded within a 1-mile radius of parks' addresses and longitudinal models were fitted to estimate the association between crime rates and park use outcomes in 2017. Results: One gun-related violent crime per 10,000 people during the 6-month period prior to data collection was associated with an average of 13.5%-15.8% reduction in observed park use and park-based moderate to vigorous physical activity (p&lt;0.05) in the 6-month observation period. The relationship was significant in seniors (33%-40% reduction) and adults (13%-18%), but insignificant for teenagers (2%-4%) and children (10%-12%). Homicide rates were also significantly related to lower self-reported park use (p&lt;0.05). Conclusions: Gun-related violent crimes have relatively long-term negative associations with population health by reducing utilization of outdoor park space. There can be additional population health benefits from controlling and reducing gun-related violent crimes beyond immediate impacts on public safety and mortality.

Hankin, A., et al. (2011). "Impacts of metal detector use in schools: insights from 15 years of research." Journal of School Health 81(2): 100-106.
	BACKGROUND: Multiple approaches exist, both in theory and in practice, to reduce young people's risk of violent victimization when they are in school. Among these approaches, a growing number of school districts are choosing to install metal detectors. We sought to review the literature available on the impacts of metal detectors on school violence and perceptions about school violence. METHODS: We conducted an extensive literature search, including databases for the medical, public health, sociology, and political science literature. Of 128 papers that met our search criteria, 7 studies met inclusion criteria for the literature review. RESULTS: Each of the papers reviewed utilized data that originated from self-report surveys. Four of the studies consisted of secondary analyses of national databases, with the other 3 utilizing local surveys. The studies varied as to the outcome, ranging from student/staff perceptions of safety at school to student self-reports of weapon carrying and/or victimization, and showed mixed results. Several studies suggested potential detrimental effects of metal detectors on student perceptions of safety. One study showed a significant beneficial effect, linking metal detector use to a decrease in the likelihood that students reported carrying a weapon while in school (7.8% vs 13.8%), without a change in weapon carrying in other settings or a decline in participation in physical fights. CONCLUSION: There is insufficient data in the literature to determine whether the presence of metal detectors in schools reduces the risk of violent behavior among students, and some research suggests that the presence of metal detectors may detrimentally impact student perceptions of safety.

Hansen, K. K. and K. A. Campbell (2009). "How useful are skeletal surveys in the second year of life?" Child Abuse & Neglect 33(5): 278-281.
	Although the American Academy of Pediatrics (AAP) states that skeletal surveys are mandatory in all children with suspected physical abuse less than 2 years old, there is limited information describing the relative utility of skeletal surveys across this age range (Sane et al., 2000). Prior studies suggest a lower utility of skeletal surveys in the medical evaluation of older children in general without specifically addressing this question (Belfer, Klein, & Orr, 2001; Day, Clegg, McPhillips, & Mok, 2006; Ellerstein & Norris, 1984; Leventhal, Thomas, Rosenfleld, & Markowitz, 1993; Merten, Radkowski, & Leonidas, 1983). Our child protection team became increasingly skeptical that skeletal surveys were useful in the second year of life. Our clinical impression was that in the second year of life they were seldom positive, particularly after 17 months of age. Increased medical and lay attention to risks associated with childhood radiation exposure led us to wonder whether skeletal surveys were always mandatory in our older patients. We undertook this study to see if our clinical impressions were correct. Our hypothesis was that skeletal surveys would prove to be less useful in the second year of life compared to the first year of life in cases of possible physical abuse. [Copyright Elsevier Ltd.]

Hargreaves, J. (2015). "HALF A STORY? MISSING PERSPECTIVES IN THE CRIMINOLOGICAL ACCOUNTS OF BRITISH MUSLIM COMMUNITIES, CRIME AND THE CRIMINAL JUSTICE SYSTEM." British Journal of Criminology 55(1): 19-38.
	An examination of recent scholarly criminological literature concerning British Muslim reveals dominant discursive themes of victimization, discrimination and demonization and a highly politicized discourse, often rhetorical in nature and seldom supported by empirical evidence. Where such evidence is adduced, criminologists rely predominantly on limited qualitative research designs and small non-representative sample sizes. This article presents analysis of British Crime Survey/Crime Survey of England and Wales data and argues that quantitative findings highlight the need for a more nuanced criminological picture of British Muslim communities. It is argued that criminologists should place renewed focus on household crime, the effects of socio-economic factors, crimes involving non-physical forms of violence and Muslim respondents who report positive attitudes towards the police. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of British Journal of Criminology is the property of Oxford University Press / USA and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Hargreaves, J. (2018). "Police Stop and Search Within British Muslim Communities: Evidence From the Crime Survey 2006–11." British Journal of Criminology 58(6): 1281-1302.
	This article discusses police stop and search within British Muslim communities and reports the analysis of statistical data collected by the Crime Survey of England and Wales between 2006 and 2011. The primary aim of the article is to determine the extent to which Crime Survey data support or challenge allegations of police discrimination against British Muslim communities. The context for the study is provided by criminological literature related to the policing of British African Caribbean and British Muslim communities. The article engages with the concept of 'institutional Islamophobia' and represents the first known study to model large-scale police stop and search data from British Muslim communities. Overall, the findings reveal a more complex picture of police stop and search practices within these communities than might be assumed from an uncritical reading of the literature. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of British Journal of Criminology is the property of Oxford University Press / USA and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Hargrove, W. L., et al. (2015). "Healthy vinton: a health impact assessment focused on water and sanitation in a small rural town on the U.S.-Mexico Border." International journal of environmental research and public health 12(4): 3864-3888.
	We conducted a Health Impact Assessment (HIA) focused on water and sanitation in Vinton, TX, a small rural town on the U.S./Mexico Border. We present the Vinton HIA as a case study to inform the practice of HIA in rural limited resource communities with higher than average levels of unemployment and poverty, and limited infrastructure. Household surveys, focus groups, and interviews provided quantitative and qualitative data on water sources and quality, sanitation practices, and community health. We found that some of the current water sources in Vinton did not meet drinking water standards for total dissolved solids and arsenic; the majority of septic tanks were not managed properly; and there was a short-term risk of water scarcity due to prolonged drought in the region. Prevalent ailments reported by participants included stomach problems, diarrhea, and skin problems. These ailments can be related to arsenic and/or biological organisms in water. The positive direct and indirect health impacts of improved water and sanitation in Vinton included: reduced gastrointestinal illnesses and skin disorders; improved water quality, quantity, and pressure; reduced risks from failing septic systems; increased property value; potential economic growth; and enhanced quality of life. The negative direct and indirect impacts included: residents' initial and monthly costs; increased property taxes; increased debt by local government; and the need for ongoing support from changing elected decision makers. The unique challenges in completing this HIA included: (a) limited available data; (b) a culture of fear and distrust among residents; (c) residents' lack of education, awareness, and civic discourse regarding water and sanitation issues and their impact on public health; and (d) lack of civic discourse and participation in the democratic process. An important outcome of the HIA was the characterization of local water supplies, which motivated and empowered the community members to become more involved in civic discourse concerning their water supplies. Results are transferable to similar low-income rural communities worldwide where residents are lacking in information about their water supplies and in political "voice".

Haribondhu, S., et al. (2019). "Implementation of the World's largest measles-rubella mass vaccination campaign in Bangladesh: a process evaluation." BMC public health 19(925): (10 July 2019)-(2010 July 2019).
	Background: Gavi, the Vaccine Alliance, supported a mass vaccination Measles-Rubella Campaign (MRC) in Bangladesh during January-February 2014. Methods: We conducted a mixed-method process evaluation to understand the successes and challenges in implementation of the MRC. We reviewed documents for the MRC and the immunization programme in Bangladesh; observed meetings, vaccination sessions, and health facilities; and conducted 58 key informant interviews, 574 exit interviews with caregivers and 156 brief surveys with stakeholders involved in immunization. Our theory of Change for vaccination delivery guided our assessment of ideal implementation milestones and indicators to compare with the actual implementation processes. Results: We identified challenges relating to country-wide political unrest, administrative and budgetary delays, shortage of transportation, problems in registration of target populations, and fears about safety of the vaccine. Despite these issues, a number of elements contributed to the successful launch of the MRC. These included: the comprehensive design of the campaign; strong partnerships between immunization authorities in the government system, Alliance partners, and civil society actors; and motivated and skilled health workers at different levels of the health system. Conclusions: The successful implementation of the MRC in spite of numerous contextual and operational challenges demonstrated the adaptive capacity of the national immunization programme and its partners that has positive implications for future introductions of Gavi-supported vaccines.

Harichandran, V. S., et al. (2016). "BYTEWISE APPROXIMATE MATCHING: THE GOOD, THE BAD, AND THE UNKNOWN." Journal of Digital Forensics, Security & Law 11(2): 59-77.
	Hash functions are established and well-known in digital forensics, where they are commonly used for proving integrity and file identification (i.e., hash all files on a seized device and compare the fingerprints against a reference database). However, with respect to the latter operation, an active adversary can easily overcome this approach because traditional hashes are designed to be sensitive to altering an input; output will significantly change if a single bit is ipped. Therefore, researchers developed approximate matching, which is a rather new, less prominent area but was conceived as a more robust counterpart to traditional hashing. Since the conception of approximate matching, the community has constructed numerous algorithms, extensions, and additional applications for this technology, and are still working on novel concepts to improve the status quo. In this survey article, we conduct a high-level review of the existing literature from a non-technical perspective and summarize the existing body of knowledge in approximate matching, with special focus on bytewise algorithms. Our contribution allows researchers and practitioners to receive an overview of the state of the art of approximate matching so that they may understand the capabilities and challenges of the field. Simply, we present the terminology, use cases, classification, requirements, testing methods, algorithms, applications, and a list of primary and secondary literature. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Journal of Digital Forensics, Security & Law is the property of Purdue University - Purdue Polytechnic Institute and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Harichandran, V. S., et al. (2016). "A cyber forensics needs analysis survey: Revisiting the domain's needs a decade later." Computers & Security 57: 1-13.
	The number of successful cyber attacks continues to increase, threatening financial and personal security worldwide. Cyber/digital forensics is undergoing a paradigm shift in which evidence is frequently massive in size, demands live acquisition, and may be insufficient to convict a criminal residing in another legal jurisdiction. This paper presents the findings of the first broad needs analysis survey in cyber forensics in nearly a decade, aimed at obtaining an updated consensus of professional attitudes in order to optimize resource allocation and to prioritize problems and possible solutions more efficiently. Results from the 99 respondents gave compelling testimony that the following will be necessary in the future: (1) better education/training/certification (opportunities, standardization, and skill-sets); (2) support for cloud and mobile forensics; (3) backing for and improvement of open-source tools (4) research on encryption, malware, and trail obfuscation; (5) revised laws (specific, up-to-date, and which protect user privacy); (6) better communication, especially between/with law enforcement (including establishing new frameworks to mitigate problematic communication); (7) more personnel and funding. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Computers & Security is the property of Pergamon Press - An Imprint of Elsevier Science and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Harris, A. J., et al. (2018). "Law Enforcement Perspectives on Sex Offender Registration and Notification: Effectiveness, Challenges, and Policy Priorities." Criminal Justice Policy Review 29(4): 391-420.
	Since the 1990s, sex offender registration and notification (SORN) has assumed a prominent place on state and federal crime control agendas in the United States. Although researchers have examined many aspects of SORN policies and systems, relatively little is known about how SORN is used, perceived, and experienced by law enforcement professionals in the context of their work. This article presents findings from a mixed-method study, consisting of face-to-face interviews and a national online survey of police and sheriff agencies. We examined law enforcement views on SORN’s general functions and efficacy, barriers to SORN effectiveness, and recommendations for SORN-related policy. Results highlight the challenges associated with SORN’s various functions as a law enforcement information tool, as an offender monitoring mechanism, and as a conduit of public information. They also indicate differences between the perspectives of agency leadership and those on the front lines of registry enforcement and management, as well as a range of concerns associated with the reliability and utility of registry information, inter-system communication, registrant homelessness and transience, and the public’s capacity to understand registry information. Implications for policy reform and for SORN-related research are discussed. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Criminal Justice Policy Review is the property of Sage Publications Inc. and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Hart, T. C. and T. D. Miethe (2009). "Self-Defensive Gun Use by Crime Victims: A Conjunctive Analysis of Its Situational Contexts." Journal of Contemporary Criminal Justice 25(1): 6-19.
	As a means for analyzing categorical data, conjunctive analysis is an emerging analytic approach used in both exploratory and confirmatory research. This technique is applied in the current study to examine two important issues related to the use of firearms as a means of self-defense by crime victims. Using data from the National Crime Victimization Survey, the current study uses conjunctive analysis (a) to examine the contextual factors associated with the use of a firearm by crime victims as a means of self-defense and (b) to identify the situational factors most closely associated with instances where the self-defensive use of a firearm is most and least effective. Results are discussed in terms of their implications for future research. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Journal of Contemporary Criminal Justice is the property of Sage Publications Inc. and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Harvey, S. M., et al. (2013). "Listening to immigrant Latino men in rural Oregon: exploring connections between culture and sexual and reproductive health services." American Journal of Men's Health 7(2): 142-154.
	This study explored factors that affect access to and use of sexual and reproductive health services including family planning among immigrant Latino men residing in rural Oregon communities that have experienced a high growth in their Latino population. In-depth interviews were conducted with 49 sexually active men aged 18 to 30 years who recently immigrated to the United States. Findings from content analysis identified multiple overlapping individual-level barriers, including lack of knowledge, perception of personal risk for unintended pregnancy and STIs, and fear of disease. On a service delivery level, structural factors and the importance of confianza when interacting with providers and clinic staff were dominant themes. The majority of these themes were grounded in a cultural context and linked to men's cultural background, beliefs, and experiences. Examining the needs of immigrant Latino men through this cultural lens may be critically important for improving access and use of sexual and reproductive health services.

Haslauer, E., et al. (2015). "Comparing Subjective and Objective Quality of Life Criteria: A Case Study of Green Space and Public Transport in Vienna, Austria." Social Indicators Research 124(3): 911-927.
	A future-oriented spatial planning has to face the challenges of integrating ecological, social, and economic aspects of living. This is often seen as a principle to also guarantee a certain level of Quality of Life (QoL). QoL can be assessed subjectively, according to individual perceptions, and objectively, via secondary data sources. This paper is concerned with how well these two approaches may agree with one another, and in particular, enables the spatial mis-match between perceived satisfaction and objectively measured results to be identified. The case study of two fundamental QoL dimensions is examined in the city of Vienna, Austria: public transport and green space availability. Areas of general agreement discordance are mapped within a geographic information system and characteristics of residents living in places with a mis-match between satisfaction and GIS-derived measurements are assessed. Results show that while the objective and subjective measurements are largely in congruence with one another, some variations do exist, thus stressing the spatial heterogeneity in residential QoL perceptions.

Hatch, S. L., et al. (2012). "Importance of thinking locally for mental health: data from cross-sectional surveys representing South East London and England." PLoS ONE 7(12): e48012-e48012.
	Background: Reliance on national figures may be underestimating the extent of mental ill health in urban communities. This study demonstrates the necessity for local information on common mental disorder (CMD) and substance use by comparing data from the South East London Community Health (SELCoH) study with those from a national study, the 2007 English Adult Psychiatric Morbidity Study (APMS). Methodology/Principal Findings: Data were used from two cross-sectional surveys, 1698 men and women residing in south London and 7403 men and women in England. The main outcome, CMD, was indicated by a score of 12 or above on the Revised Clinical Interview Schedule. Secondary outcomes included hazardous alcohol use and illicit drug use. SELCoH sample prevalence estimates of CMD were nearly twice that of the APMS England sample estimates. There was a four-fold greater proportion of depressive episode in the SELCoH sample than the APMS sample. The prevalence of hazardous alcohol use was higher in the national sample. Illicit drug use in the past year was higher in the SELCoH sample, with cannabis and cocaine the illicit drugs reported most frequently in both samples. In comparisons of the SELCoH sample with the APMS England sample and the APMS sample from the Greater London area in combined datasets, these differences remained after adjusting for socio-demographic and socioeconomic indicators for all outcomes. Conclusions/Significance: Local information for estimating the prevalence of CMD and substance use is essential for surveillance and service planning. There were similarities in the demographic and socioeconomic factors related to CMD and substance use across samples.

Haunberger, S. (2014). "Item Nonresponse in Face-to-Face Interviews with Children." Journal of Official Statistics 30(3): 459-477.
	This study examined item nonresponse and its respondent and interviewer correlates by means of a population-based, panel survey of children aged 8 to 11 who were surveyed using standardised, face-to-face interviews. Using multilevel, logistic analyses with cross-level interactions, this article aims to examine which effects of item nonresponse are subject to children as respondents or to the interviewers and the interview setting. Depending on the type of question, we found different effects for respondent and interviewer variables, as well as interaction effects between child age/interviewer age as well as child gender/interviewer gender. However, interviewer variance is for the most part not significant.

Hayes, L. M. (2012). "National study of jail suicide: 20 years later." Journal of Correctional Health Care 18(3): 233-245.
	Findings from a national study of jail suicide are provided, including the extent and distribution of suicides in holding and detention facilities, and descriptive data on demographic characteristics of each victim, incident, and facility. Among significant findings are that suicides were evenly distributed from first few days of confinement to over several months of confinement, many suicides occurred during waking hours, most inmates were not under the influence of drugs and/or alcohol at the time of death, and many suicides occurred in close proximity to a court hearing. Suicide prevention programming was found to be uneven in most facilities that experienced suicides. There has been a significant decrease in the rate of suicide in detention facilities.

Hebert-Beirne, J., et al. (2018). "Using community-driven, participatory qualitative inquiry to discern nuanced Community Health Needs and Assets of Chicago's La Villita, a Mexican immigrant neighborhood." Journal of Community Health 43(4): 775-786.
	In predominately immigrant neighborhoods, the nuances of immigrant life in the ethnic enclave have important, yet underappreciated impact on community health. The complexities of immigrant experiences are essential to unpacking and addressing the impact of acculturative processes on observed racial, ethnic, and class-based health disparities in the United States. These insights because they are largely unexplored are best captured qualitatively through academic-community research partnership. We established the participatory mixed method Little Village participatory community health assessment (CHA) to explore community health in an ethnic enclave. In this paper, we share findings from our qualitative component exploring: how do Residents in a Predominately Immigrant Neighborhood Perceive Community Health Needs and Assets in Little Village. Three major themes emerged: rich, health promoting community assets inherent in the ethnic enclave; cumulative chronic stress impacting the mental health of families and intra-familial strain; and, work and occupation as important but underappreciated community health determinants in an immigrant neighborhood. These nuanced findings enhanced our community health assessment and contributed to the development of two additional tailored CHA methods, a community member-administered Community Health Survey, and an oral history component that provided deeper insight on the community's health needs and assets, and a focus for action on work as a social determinant of health at the community level. Conducting trusted community-driven health assessments that are adaptive and flexible to capture authentic needs and assets are critical, given health consequences of the new anti-immigrant rhetoric and growing socio-political tensions and fear in immigrant neighborhoods in the United States.

Heim, E., et al. (2017). "Cultural values and the prevalence of mental disorders in 25 countries: a secondary data analysis." Social Science & Medicine 189: 96-104.
	Rationale: The prevalence of common mental disorders (CMDs, i.e., depression and anxiety) worldwide is substantial, and prevalence rates are higher in high-income than in low- and middle-income countries. This difference might reflect both underlying prevalence rates as well as the measurement model used in cross-national epidemiological studies. Schwartz' cultural values provide a meaningful taxonomy to describe 'culture' and to examine how culture affects both the aetiology and phenomenology of CMDs. Objective: The present study examines to what extent Schwartz' cultural values correlate with prevalence rates of CMDs at the country-level. Method: Twenty-five countries were included in this study. Countries were included if data on cultural values and lifetime prevalence rates, from either the World Mental Health Surveys or the Global Burden of Disease Study, were available for at least one CMD. Spearman rank correlations were calculated between prevalence rates and cultural values, controlling for gross national income (GNI) per capita. Results: Affective disorders correlated with cultural values, after controlling for GNI. For anxiety disorders, correlations were lower but still offered meaningful insights. Correlations followed the circular structure of values, meaning that the strength of relationship decreased and increased again when moving around the circle: the strongest positive correlations were found with egalitarianism, and the strongest negative correlations with hierarchy and mastery. The autonomy-embeddedness dimension correlated weakly with the prevalence of CMDs. Conclusions: Diverging prevalence rates between high-income countries and low- and middle-income countries are associated with differences in cultural values. Values might not only relate to the aetiology of mental disorders, but most possibly affect the way in which psychological distress is expressed. As an example, in societies with a strong focus on embeddedness, the fear of stigma might be more pronounced. Cultural values offer a middle ground between culturally specific (i.e., emic) and universalist (i.e., etic) research.

Heinz, A. and G. Steffgen (2015). "Führt eine negative Erfahrung mit der Polizei zwangsläufig zu einer negativen Bewertung der Polizei?" Does a negative experience with the police necessarily predetermine a negative assessment of the police? 98(4): 320-334.
	Method research has shown that responses to an item can depend on the question order. This applies especially to part-whole question sequences: If a specific item is asked before a general item, the respondents might react in two different ways. They might include their validation of the specific item into the assessment of the general item (assimilation effect) or they might ignore them (contrast effect). Although many questionnaires contain part-whole question sequences, these effects are rarely discussed or even investigated in applied research. The article outlines the theoretical background of question order effects in general with a particular regard to part-whole question sequences. Furthermore, a split ballot experiment verifies the impact of question order effects on the general assessment of the police. (English) [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Die Methodenforschung belegt, dass die Antworten auf Fragen auch von der Fragenreihenfolge beeinflusst werden können. Dies trifft insbesondere auf »part-whole question sequences« zu: Wenn spezifische Fragen vor allgemeineren Fragen gestellt werden, dann können die Befragten auf zwei Arten reagieren. Sie können die Bewertung der spezifischen Fragen mit in die Bewertung der allgemeinen mit einfließen lassen (Assimilationseffekt) oder aber diese ausblenden (Kontrasteffekt). Obwohl viele Fragebögen solche part-whole question sequences enthalten, werden solche Effekte in der Forschungspraxis selten diskutiert und noch seltener erforscht. Der Beitrag erläutert den theoretischen Hintergrund von Reihenfolgeeffekten im Allgemeinen sowie speziell von part-whole question sequences. Darüber hinaus werden die Effekte der Fragenreihenfolge auf die Bewertung der Polizei mittels eines Split-Ballot-Experiments geprüft. (German) [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Monatsschrift fuer Kriminologie und Strafrechtsreform is the property of De Gruyter and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Heise, L. L. and A. Kotsadam (2015). "Cross-national and multilevel correlates of partner violence: an analysis of data from population-based surveys." Lancet Global Health 3(6): e332-e340.
	Background: On average, intimate partner violence affects nearly one in three women worldwide within their lifetime. But the distribution of partner violence is highly uneven, with a prevalence of less than 4% in the past 12 months in many high-income countries compared with at least 40% in some low-income settings. Little is known about the factors that drive the geographical distribution of partner violence or how macro-level factors might combine with individual-level factors to affect individual women's risk of intimate partner violence. We aimed to assess the role that women's status and other gender-related factors might have in defining levels of partner violence among settings. Methods: We compiled data for the 12 month prevalence of partner violence from 66 surveys (88 survey years) from 44 countries, representing 481 205 women between Jan 1, 2000, and Apr 17, 2013. Only surveys with comparable questions and state-of-the-art methods to ensure safety and encourage violence disclosure were used. With linear and quantile regression, we examined associations between macro-level measures of socioeconomic development, women's status, gender inequality, and gender-related norms and the prevalence of current partner violence at a population level. Multilevel modelling and tests for interaction were used to explore whether and how macro-level factors affect individual-level risk. The outcome for this analysis was the population prevalence of current partner violence, defined as the percentage of ever-partnered women (excluding widows without a current partner), aged from 15 years to 49 years who were victims of at least one act of physical or sexual violence within the past 12 months. Findings: Gender-related factors at the national and subnational level help to predict the population prevalence of physical and sexual partner violence within the past 12 months. Especially predictive of the geographical distribution of partner violence are norms related to male authority over female behaviour (0.102, p&lt;0.0001), norms justifying wife beating (0.263, p&lt;0.0001), and the extent to which law and practice disadvantage women compared with men in access to land, property, and other productive resources (0.271, p&lt;0.0001). The strong negative association between current partner violence and gross domestic product (GDP) per person (-0.055, p=0.0009) becomes non-significant in the presence of norm-related measures (-0.015, p=0.472), suggesting that GDP per person is a marker for social transformations that accompany economic growth and is unlikely to be causally related to levels of partner violence. We document several cross-level effects, including that a girl's education is more strongly associated with reduced risk of partner violence in countries where wife abuse is normative than where it is not. Likewise, partner violence is less prevalent in countries with a high proportion of women in the formal work force, but working for cash increases a woman's risk in countries where few women work. Interpretation: Our findings suggest that policy makers could reduce violence by eliminating gender bias in ownership rights and addressing norms that justify wife beating and male control of female behaviour. Prevention planners should place greater emphasis on policy reforms at the macro-level and take cross-level effects into account when designing interventions.

Heizmann, B., et al. (2018). "Welfare Chauvinism, Economic Insecurity and the Asylum Seeker “Crisis”." Societies 8(3).
	Immigration has been a major trend in the last decades in Europe. However, immigrant access to the social security systems has remained a contentious issue having gained additional salience in light of the recent asylum-seeking developments. We focus on welfare chauvinism, the idea that immigrants should not participate in welfare resources, as an attitudinal dimension. We seek to answer two primary questions: To what extent are different types of objective and subjective material deprivation related to welfare chauvinism? What is the role of the recent asylum seeker influx? Using European Social Survey data and employing binary and generalized ordered logit models with country fixed effects, we find perceptions of deprivation to be more meaningful than objective factors related to potential job loss, and some relationships depend on the specific type of deprivation. On the country level, in line with the deservingness of asylum seekers as a group, higher levels of asylum seeking are related to lower levels of welfare chauvinism, while GDP per capita is not associated with welfare chauvinism. Finally, the generalized ordered logit model shows that some relationships vary according to the strictness of welfare chauvinism, which would not be visible in a conventional ordered logit model.

Hellevik, O. (2016). "Extreme nonresponse and response bias." Quality and Quantity 50(5): 1969-1991.
	The article analyzes response bias in the Norwegian Monitor, a series of surveys carried out every second year since 1985, with a response rate of only 4 % in the last wave. One third of the respondents in a telephone interview completed the follow-up mail questionnaire. Their answers in the telephone interview are compared with those of the total telephone sample. Furthermore, results from the mail questionnaire are compared with population statistics and high-response surveys. Finally, the plausibility of nonresponse bias as an explanation regarding trends and correlations in the data is discussed. The conclusion is that even in this extreme case of nonresponse most results are not biased, suggesting that also survey data with very low response rates may have scientific value.

Hellström, L., et al. (2015). "Understanding and defining bullying - adolescents' own views." Archives of Public Health 73(4): (2 February 2015)-(2012 February 2015).
	Background: The negative consequences of peer-victimization on children and adolescents are major public health concerns which have been subjected to extensive research. Given all efforts made to analyze and estimate the social and health consequences of peer-victimization, the adolescents' own experiences and understandings have had surprisingly little impact on the definition of bullying. Therefore, the aim of the current study is to explore adolescents' definitions of bullying. Methods: A questionnaire study (n=128) and four focus group interviews (n=21) were conducted among students aged 13 and 15. First, gender and age differences were analyzed with respect to what behaviors are considered bullying (questionnaire data). Second, analysis of what bullying is (focus group interviews) was conducted using qualitative content analysis. Results: The adolescents own understanding and definition of bullying didn't just include the traditional criteria of repetition and power imbalance, but also a criterion based on the health consequences of bullying. The results showed that a single but hurtful or harmful incident also could be considered bullying irrespective of whether the traditional criteria were fulfilled or not. Further, girls and older students had a more inclusive view of bullying and reported more types of behaviors as bullying compared to boys and younger students. Conclusions: The results of the current study adds to the existing literature by showing that adolescents consider the victim's experience of hurt and harm as a criterion for defining bullying and not only as consequences of bullying. This may be of special relevance for the identification and classification of bullying incidents on the internet where devastating consequences have been reported from single incidents and the use of the traditional criteria of intent, repetition and power imbalance may not be as relevant as for traditional bullying. It implies that the traditional criteria included in most definitions of bullying may not fully reflect adolescents' understanding and definition of bullying. Assessments of bullying behaviors that ask adolescents to strictly adhere to the traditional definition of bullying might not identify all adolescents experiencing peer victimization and therefore not provide estimates of prevalence rates reflecting adolescents' own understanding of bullying.

Helweg-Larsen, K., et al. (2011). "Risk factors for violence exposure and attributable healthcare costs: results from the Danish national health interview surveys." Scandinavian Journal of Public Health 39(1): 10-16.
	Aims: To describe the characteristics of men and women exposed to physical violence, to identify risk factors for violence exposure and to quantify the attributable healthcare costs of violence. Methods: The Danish national health interview surveys of 2000 and 2005 included data on exposure to defined forms of physical violence over the last 12 months. Respondents who reported exposure to violence during the past year were compared with a reference group of non-exposed respondents, and data were merged with the National Health Registers. We identified risk factors for violence by logistic regression models and used OLS regression for quantification of attributable healthcare costs of violence, including somatic and psychiatric admissions, outpatient contacts, prescriptions and primary health services; and analyzed intimate partner violence separately. Results: Young age, being divorced and drinking more than the recommended amount of alcohol per week were risk factors for violence both for men and women. Total annual healthcare costs, adjusted for age and deliveries, were 787 euros higher on average for women exposed to violence than for non-exposed women, mainly related to psychiatric treatment. For women, no significant cost differences existed between victims of partner violence and non-victims. The total healthcare costs were not higher for exposed men than for non-exposed men, but male victims of partner violence incurred significantly higher costs. Conclusions: Primarily due to costs of psychiatric treatment, male and female victims of violence had higher total healthcare costs than non-exposed people. Whether mental health problems increase the risk of violence exposure or violence is a particular risk factor for health problems cannot be assessed by cross-sectional data alone.

Hemenway, D. and S. J. Solnick (2015). "The epidemiology of self-defense gun use: evidence from the National Crime Victimization Surveys 2007-2011." Preventive medicine 79: 22-27.
	Objectives: To describe the epidemiology of self-defense gun use (SDGU) and the relative effectiveness of SDGU in preventing injury and property loss. Methods: Data come from the National Crime Victimization Survey for 2007-2011, focusing on personal contact crimes. For property loss, we examined incidents where the intent was to steal property. Multivariate analyses controlled for age, gender of offender and victim, if offender had a gun, urbanicity, and thirteen types of self-protective action. Results: Of over 14,000 incidents in which the victim was present, 127 (0.9%) involved a SDGU. SDGU was more common among males, in rural areas, away from home, against male offenders and against offenders with a gun. After any protective action, 4.2% of victims were injured; after SDGU, 4.1% of victims were injured. In property crimes, 55.9% of victims who took protective action lost property, 38.5 of SDGU victims lost property, and 34.9% of victims who used a weapon other than a gun lost property. Conclusions: Compared to other protective actions, the National Crime Victimization Surveys provide little evidence that SDGU is uniquely beneficial in reducing the likelihood of injury or property loss.

Hemraj, P., et al. (2015). "Prevalence of drug abuse in India through a National Household Survey." International Journal of Current Science(15): 103-113.
	Nowadays use of various drugs of abuse is a major public health problem in developing countries like India. The present article is based on the data under a study, National Household Survey of Drug Abuse (NHSDA) in India sponsored by the Ministry of Social Justice and Empowerment (Government of India) and the United Nations Office of Drugs and Crime (UNODC) that was undertaken with the objective of evaluating extent of use of various drugs of abuse in India. A total of 40697 males (12 to 60 yrs old) from all randomly selected households through multistage random sampling approach living in erstwhile 25 states of India (as defined by the 1991 Census) were interviewed face to face by trained interviewers using a questionnaire specifically developed and validated for this study. The weighted prevalence of ever use of any drug was 63.7% and that during last 30 days was 61.2%. Tobacco was the most commonly used psychoactive substance, 56% ever used and 53.8% used in the last 30 days. Prevalence of ever use of alcohol was 19.6%, whereas in the last 30 days it was 15.5%. Percentage of cannabis use, ever and in the last 30 days was 3.8 and 2.7% respectively. Use of opium was only 0.6% (ever) and 0.4% in the last 30 days. Heroin use was present in 0.2% of the male population in both, ever use and last 30 days. Tobacco and alcohol outnumber illicit drug users in terms of extent of their use and, therefore, pose huge public health challenges. There is need for the continuing medical education programs emphasizing hazards of using various drug abuses. Further, lessons learnt from this survey would help improve the design and implementation of the subsequent surveys.

Hendrick, C. E. and L. Marteleto (2017). "Maternal Household Decision-Making Autonomy and Adolescent Education in Honduras." Population Research and Policy Review 36(3): 415-439.
	Maternal decision-making autonomy has been linked to positive outcomes for children's health and well-being early in life in low- and middle-income countries throughout the world. However, there is a dearth of research examining if and how maternal autonomy continues to influence children's outcomes into adolescence and whether it impacts other domains of children's lives beyond health, such as their education. The goal of this study was to determine whether high maternal decision-making was associated with school enrollment for secondary school-aged youth in Honduras. Further, we aimed to assess whether the relationships between maternal autonomy and school enrollment varied by adolescents' environmental contexts and individual characteristics such as gender. Our analytical sample included 6579 adolescents ages 12-16 living with their mothers from the Honduran Demographic and Health Survey (DHS) 2011-2012. We used stepwise logistic regression models to investigate the association between maternal household decision-making autonomy and adolescents' school enrollment. Our findings suggest that adolescents, especially girls, benefit from their mothers' high decision-making autonomy. Findings suggest that maternal decision-making autonomy promotes adolescents' school enrollment above and beyond other maternal, household, and regional influences.

Hendy, H. M., et al. (2014). "Parent Attribution for Child Eating Scale (PACES). Psychometric characteristics and associations with child and parent variables." Appetite 81: 312-319.
	Parent participation in interventions for their children's feeding problems may depend on parent attributions for the origins of these problems, but no measure is available to identify these parent perceptions. The purpose of the present paper was to develop a new Parent Attribution for Child Eating Scale (PACES), then to examine how parent perceptions measured by the PACES were associated with child variables and parent feeding practices. Participants included parents of 393 children from a hospital feeding clinic (68.2% boys; mean age=55.4 months). Parents completed surveys to report children's demographic, medical, and feeding variables, three-point ratings for possible origins of these feeding problems, and their own use of nine child-feeding practices. Exploratory factor analysis of the parent ratings produced the 21-item PACES with four dimensions: Permissive Parenting, Medical Treatments, Oral Problems, and Vomiting Fear. The PACES showed acceptable goodness-of-fit, internal reliability, test-retest reliability, and support for its validity with expected correlations with child and parent variables. Multiple regression revealed that nine child variables (age, body mass index, gender, autism, gastrointestinal problems, neurological problems, oral motor problems, texture feeding problems, diet variety) explained 19-41% of the variance in the four PACES attributions, with oral motor problems significantly correlated with all of them (negatively with Permissive Parenting, positively with the other three), suggesting that its occurrence in combination with other child variables guides parent explanations for children's feeding problems. Multiple regression also found that Many Food Choices was the only parent feeding practice significantly correlated with all four PACES attributions (positively with Permissive Parenting, negatively with the other three), suggesting that it may be parents' primary response to attributions they develop for their children's feeding problems.

Henson, S., et al. (2010). "Understanding consumer receptivity towards foods and non-prescription pills containing phytosterols as a means to offset the risk of cardiovascular disease: an application of protection motivation theory." International Journal of Consumer Studies 34(1): 28-37.
	Consumer purchase intention with respect to foods and non-prescription pills containing phytosterols was investigated through a mall intercept survey (n=446) in Ontario, Canada. The study took as its starting point the Protection Motivation Theory (PMT), a social cognition model rooted in research on fear appeal in determining health-protective behaviour. Structural equation modelling was used to explore whether an adaptation of PMT explains intention to purchase products containing phytosterols as a means to reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD). The standard form of PMT was adapted to take account of consumer perceptions of the risk of elevated blood cholesterol, reflecting the fact that phytosterols do not directly reduce the risk of CVD but rather help in the management of a single risk factor. Overall, coping appraisal had a positive and significant association with purchase intention, while threat appraisal had no significant effect. Incorporation of cholesterol as a risk factor for CVD significantly improved the measurement strength of the threat appraisal construct. However, the overall predictive power of the model did not change appreciably. The results suggest that the promotion of adaptive behaviours, such as consumption of functional foods and nutraceuticals, needs to focus on perception of response and self-efficacy rather than individual perceptions of risk.

Hesketh, T., et al. (2010). "Stress and psychosomatic symptoms in Chinese school children: cross-sectional survey." Archives of Disease in Childhood 95(2): 136-140.
	Objective: The Chinese educational system is highly competitive from the start of primary school with great emphasis on academic performance and intolerance of failure. This study aimed to explore the pressures on primary schoolchildren, and to determine the relationship between these pressures and psychosomatic symptoms: abdominal pain and headache. Design: Cross-sectional survey using self-completion questionnaires. Setting/participants: 9- to 12-year-olds in primary schools in urban and rural areas of Zhejiang Province, eastern China. Outcome measures: Proportion of children with defined school-related stressors and frequency of psychosomatic illness. Results: Completed questionnaires were obtained from 2191 children. All stressors were common in boys and girls and in urban and rural schools. Eighty-one per cent worry 'a lot' about exams, 63% are afraid of the punishment of teachers, 44% had been physically bullied at least sometimes, with boys more often victims of bullying, and 73% of children are physically punished by parents. Over one-third of children reported psychosomatic symptoms at least once per week, 37% headache and 36% abdominal pain. All individual stressors were highly significantly associated with psychosomatic symptoms. Children identified as highly stressed (in the highest quartile of the stress score) were four times as likely to have psychosomatic symptoms. Conclusions: The competitive and punitive educational environment leads to high levels of stress and psychosomatic symptoms in Chinese primary schoolchildren. Measures to reduce unnecessary stress on children in schools should be introduced urgently.

Hessol, N. A., et al. (2014). "Smoking cessation and recidivism in the women's interagency human immunodeficiency virus study." American Journal of Preventive Medicine 47(1): 53-69.
	Background: Smoking increases the risk of morbidity and mortality and is particularly harmful to HIV-infected people. Purpose: To explore smoking trends and longitudinal factors associated with smoking cessation and recidivism among participants in the Women's Interagency HIV Study. Methods: From 1994 through 2011, a total of 2,961 HIV-infected and 981 HIV-uninfected women were enrolled and underwent semi-annual interviews and specimen collection. Smoking prevalence was evaluated annually and risk factors associated with time to smoking cessation and recidivism were analyzed in 2013 using survival models. Results: The annual cigarette smoking prevalence declined from 57% in 1995 to 39% in 2011 (p-trend&lt;0.0001). Among smokers, factors significantly associated with a longer time to smoking cessation included less education, alcohol use, having health insurance, &gt;10-year smoking duration, self-reported poor health rating, and having hypertension. Pregnancy in the past 6 months was associated with a shorter time to cessation. Among HIV-infected women, additional risk factors for longer time to cessation included lower household income, use of crack/cocaine/heroin, CD4 cell count ≤200, and highly active antiretroviral therapy (HAART) use. Predictors of smoking recidivism included marijuana use, enrollment in 1994-1996, and not living in one's own place. Among HIV-infected women, enrollment in 2001-2002 and crack/cocaine/heroin use were associated with a shorter time to recidivism, whereas older age and HAART use were associated with a longer time to recidivism. Conclusions: Despite declining rates of cigarette smoking, integrated interventions are needed to help women with and at risk for HIV infection to quit smoking and sustain cessation.

Hester, M. and C. Donovan (2009). "Researching Domestic Violence in Same-Sex Relationships -- A Feminist Epistemological Approach to Survey Development." Journal of Lesbian Studies 13(2): 161-173.
	The article draws on recently completed research by the authors, involving a detailed study of love and intimate partner violence in same-sex and heterosexual relationships (funded by the ESRC, award RES-000-23-0650). The research, hitherto the most detailed study of its kind in the United Kingdom, included a national same-sex community survey (n = 800) plus four focus groups and interviews with 67 individuals identifying as lesbian, gay, queer, bisexual, transgender, or heterosexual. The article discusses in particular the development of the same-sex community survey, focusing on the epistemological and methodological implications of using a feminist approach. Adapted from the source document.

Hester, M., et al. (2017). "Is it coercive controlling violence? A cross-sectional domestic violence and abuse survey of men attending general practice in England." Psychology of Violence 7(3): 417-427.
	Objective: Surveys that examine prevalence of domestic violence and abuse (DVA) without consideration of impact, severity or context have limitations. The article uses results from the first survey of a European clinical male population, the largest such study internationally, that measured a range of emotional, physical and sexual behaviors that could be construed as DVA, including experience and perpetration, and a range of impacts. The article asks to what extent the behavior reported by the men can be characterized as coercive controlling violence. Method: A survey was administered to male patients in 16 general practices (family medicine clinics) in England. Of 1,368 respondents who completed 4 screening questions regarding behavior consistent with DVA, 707 (52%) completed detailed questions on lifetime experience of possibly harmful emotional, physical and sexual behaviors, perpetration, and impacts, and if they had ever been in a domestically violent or abusive relationship. One-way analysis of variance was used to establish optimal thresholds across abuse and impact scales in order to ascertain severity of men’s reported experiences. Results: More than half (52.5%; 95% confidence interval: 48.7% to 55.9%) the men reported experiencing potentially harmful physical, emotional or sexual behavior from a partner, however only 4.4% of the men experienced coercive controlling violence and of those nearly half also reported perpetration against their partner. Conclusions: Although a large minority of men presenting to general practice experience or perpetrate DVA behavior in relationships, only a small minority experience coercive controlling violence and only 1 in 40 have experienced such violence as victims only. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2017 APA, all rights reserved)

Hiller, M., et al. (2010). "MEASURING DRUG COURT STRUCTURE AND OPERATIONS: Key Components and Beyond." Criminal Justice & Behavior 37(9): 933-950.
	In the past 20 years, drug courts have become a common part of criminal justice systems' responses to drug-related crime. However, systematic national research has been limited on how drug courts are specifically organized, limiting the ability of staff at individual programs to compare the structure and operations of their program to those from a nationally representative data set. Therefore, as a part of the eCourt project, a national sample of drug court coordinators was asked to rate the extent to which a set of guidelines, the "10 key components," was implemented using a 43-item self-administered questionnaire. Psychometric analyses indicated that a seven-factor solution (with 27 items) provided the best and most interpretable fit. Composite indices included eligibility and program components, therapeutic and individualized jurisprudence, team collaboration and communication, community support, data-driven program development, graduated sanctions, and defense and prosecution collaboration. Suggested uses for the findings are discussed. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Criminal Justice & Behavior is the property of Sage Publications Inc. and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Hillis, S., et al. (2016). "Global prevalence of past-year violence against children: a systematic review and minimum estimates." Pediatrics 137(3): 4079.
	CONTEXT: Evidence confirms associations between childhood violence and major causes of mortality in adulthood. A synthesis of data on past-year prevalence of violence against children will help advance the United Nations' call to end all violence against children. OBJECTIVES: Investigators systematically reviewed population-based surveys on the prevalence of past-year violence against children and synthesized the best available evidence to generate minimum regional and global estimates. DATA SOURCES: We searched Medline, PubMed, Global Health, NBASE, CINAHL, and the World Wide Web for reports of representative surveys estimating prevalences of violence against children. STUDY SELECTION: Two investigators independently assessed surveys against inclusion criteria and rated those included on indicators of quality. DATA EXTRACTION: Investigators extracted data on past-year prevalences of violent victimization by country, age group, and type (physical, sexual, emotional, or multiple types). We used a triangulation approach which synthesized data to generate minimum regional prevalences, derived from population-weighted averages of the country-specific prevalences. RESULTS: Thirty-eight reports provided quality data for 96 countries on past-year prevalences of violence against children. Base case estimates showed a minimum of 50% or more of children in Asia, Africa, and Northern America experienced past-year violence, and that globally over half of all children - 1 billion children, ages 2-17 years - experienced such violence. LIMITATIONS: Due to variations in timing and types of violence reported, triangulation could only be used to generate minimum prevalence estimates. CONCLUSIONS: Expanded population-based surveillance of violence against children is essential to target prevention and drive the urgent investment in action endorsed in the United Nations 2030 Sustainable Development Agenda.

Himmelstein, M. S., et al. (2019). "Weight-based victimization, eating behaviors, and weight-related health in Sexual and Gender Minority Adolescents." Appetite 141: 104321-104321.
	Weight-based victimization (WBV) is a common form of bullying associated with maladaptive eating, and poor weight-related health. Although sexual and gender minority (SGM) youth experience a number of eating and weight-related health disparities, the link between WBV and these outcomes has not been investigated in this vulnerable population. Data came from the LGBTQ Teen Study, a national survey of SGM adolescents. Participants provided data to assess body mass index (BMI), WBV, sexual identity, gender identity, dieting, binge eating, eating to cope with stress, weight control behaviors, exercise, and stress (N=9679). The sample was 66% White, with a mean age of 15.6 years; 58.5% had healthy weight, and 37.2% had overweight or obesity. Over half of participants reported WBV from family members and peers. WBV from family members was associated with maladaptive eating (i.e., binge-eating, unhealthy weight-control behaviors), dieting, and poor weight-related health (i.e., stress, exercise avoidance, less physical activity and poorer sleep); relationships remained significant after accounting for participants' age, BMI percentile for age and sex, race, gender identity, and sexual identity. Higher frequency of WBV at school, but not history of peer weight-based victimization, was associated with more maladaptive eating, dieting, and poorer weight-related health on all outcomes except physical activity. This is the first large-scale study that examined links between WBV, maladaptive eating behaviors, and weight-related health in SGM adolescents. These results suggest the need for increased awareness that WBV may play a role in maladaptive eating, and weight-related health of SGM youth, and may contribute to both elevated levels of eating disorders and obesity in this population.

Hinton, D. E., et al. (2009). "Anger, PTSD, and the nuclear family: a study of Cambodian refugees." Social Science & Medicine 69(9): 1387-1394.
	This study profiles the family-directed anger of traumatized Cambodian refugees, all survivors of the Pol Pot genocide (1975-1979), who were patients at a psychiatric clinic in Lowell, MA, USA. We focus on the nuclear family (NF) unit, the NF unit defined as the patient's "significant other" (i.e. spouse or boyfriend/girlfriend) and children. Survey data were collected from a convenience sample of 143 Cambodian refugee patients from October 2006 to August 2007. The study revealed that 48% (68/143) of the patients had anger directed toward a NF member in the last month, with anger directed toward children being particularly common (64 of the 143 patients, or 49% [64/131] of the patients with children). NF-type anger was severe, for example, almost always resulting in somatic arousal (e.g., causing palpitations in 91% [62/68] of the anger episodes) and often in trauma recall and fears of bodily dysfunction. Responses to open-ended questions revealed the causes of anger toward a significant other and children, the content of anger-associated trauma recall, and what patients did to gain relief from anger. A type of cultural gap, namely, a linguistic gap (i.e., the parent's lack of English language skills and the child's lack of Khmer language skills), seemingly played a role in generating conflict and anger. NF-type anger was associated with PTSD presence. The effect of anger on PTSD severity resulted in part from anger-associated trauma recall and fears of bodily dysfunction, with 54% of the variance in PTSD severity explained by that regression model. The study: (1) suggests that among traumatized refugees, family-related anger is a major clinical concern; (2) illustrates how family-related anger may be profiled and investigated in trauma-exposed populations; and (3) gives insights into how family-related anger is generated in such populations.

Hitchens, M., et al. (2014). "Reality and Terror, the First-Person Shooter in Current Day Settings." Games and Culture 9(1): 3-29.
	The first-person shooter (FPS), with its subjective view point and relentless action, gives its players an intense, often violent, virtual experience. There has been considerable debate about the effects of this mediated experience. Of particular concern is whether these games stage a propaganda campaign for the interests of governments and the military-industrial complex. Some fear that these games are leading us toward a perpetual state of war. However, such discussions have usually focussed on a very narrow selection from the FPS genre. This article examines a large sample, over 160 individual titles, of FPSs with a contemporary setting. The enemies presented by these games are analyzed and found to be far wider than a narrow examination of games based on topical conflicts would suggest, being instead inspired by a range of political, cultural, and literary sources. Any analysis of FPS games needs to take this diversity into account. [Reprinted by permission of Sage Publications Inc., copyright holder.]

Hoff, B. H. (2012). "US National Survey: more men than women victims of intimate partner violence." Journal of Aggression, Conflict & Peace Research 4(3): 155-163.
	Purpose -- This paper seeks to re-examine data from the US National Intimate Partner and Sexual Violence Survey (NISVS) to explore the extent of intimate partner violence against male victims. It aims to examine the domestic violence system's response to male victims. Design/methodology/approach -- The paper's approach is to re-examine NISVS data, research on the impact of IPV on male victims and the system's response to it. Findings -- In the last year, males are more often the victim of intimate partner physical violence, psychological aggression and control over sexual/reproductive health. Social implications -- Increased domestic violence education directed at women and services to men should lead to a reduction of DV against women as weft as men, since woman aggressors frequently are themselves victimized subsequently. Originality/value -- This paper offers new perspectives on intimate partner violence against men and the system's response to it. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Journal of Aggression, Conflict & Peace Research is the property of Emerald Publishing and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Hoff, D. (2013). "Doping outside sport - individualization and muscular body ideals: a study of doping use in elementary schools, high schools and fitness centers in Kalmar Municipality. / Dopning utanför idrotten - individualisering och muskulösa skönhetsideal: en studie av dopning i grundskola, gymnasium och på gym i Kalmar kommun." Scandinavian Sport Studies Forum 4: 1-24.
	The use of performance enhancing drugs, especially anabolic androgenic steroids (AAS) has emerged as a social problem outside competitive sports, linked to substance abuse and crime. The purpose of this article is to analyze the use of doping and attitudes to doping outside the competitive sports context in relation to age, gender, ethnicity, socio-economic status, and branch of sport. The article is based on a survey study carried out in Kalmar Municipality at elementary schools (age=appr. 14; n=383), high schools (age=appr. 16; n=208) and fitness centers (n=327). The results showed that 1% of the girls and 2% of boys at elementary school, and 2% of girls and boys at high school, reported use of banned substances. 5% of the girls and 15% of the boys at high school had been offered illegal substances. At fitness centers, 4% of the women and 5% of the men reported doping use, most commonly in the age group 31-35 (15%). Gender differences were smaller than previous studies would suggest. Ethnic and socio-economic factors had only minor effects on prevalence of doping, which was more common among individuals who practiced strength sports and martial arts. Regarding attitudes towards doping, a large proportion of the pupils at elementary schools (45%) and students at high schools (56%) claimed that it is up to the individual to decide whether or not to use doping substances. The results are discussed from the perspective of individualization processes in society and in connection to influences from muscular body ideals, where doping together with work-out are analyzed as effective means for body transformations in individual (body-)identity projects.

Hoffman, R. M., et al. (2011). "Barriers to colorectal cancer screening: physician and general population perspectives, New Mexico, 2006." Preventing Chronic Disease 8(2): A35-A35.
	Introduction - Colorectal cancer (CRC) screening rates are low in New Mexico. We used statewide surveys of primary care physicians and the general population to characterize CRC screening practices and compare perceptions about screening barriers. Methods - In 2006, we surveyed 714 primary care physicians in New Mexico about their CRC screening practices, beliefs, and perceptions of patient, provider, and system barriers. A 2004 state-specific CRC screening module for the Behavioral Risk Factor Surveillance System (BRFSS) survey asked 3,355 participants aged 50 years or older why they had not ever or had not recently completed a fecal occult blood test (FOBT) or lower endoscopy. Results - The 216 physicians (30% response rate) reported offering screening to a median 80% of their average-risk patients in the past year and estimated that a median 50% were current with screening. They attributed low screening proportions mainly to patient factors (embarrassment, fear of pain, lack of insurance). However, just 51% of physician respondents used health maintenance flow sheets, and only 13% used electronic medical records to identify patients due for CRC screening. The BRFSS respondents most often reported that lack of physician discussion was responsible for not being current with screening (45% FOBT, 34% endoscopy); being asymptomatic was also often cited as an explanation for lack of screening (22% FOBT, 36% endoscopy). Conclusion - Physicians and adults in the general population had markedly different perspectives on barriers to CRC screening. Increasing screening may require system supports to help physicians readily identify patients due for CRC testing and interventions to educate patients about the rationale for screening.

Holloway, K. and T. Bennett (2018). "Alcohol-related Rape Among University Students." Victims & Offenders 13(4): 471-486.
	<bold>Background:</bold> Alcohol-related rape among university students is clearly a major concern. However, there have been no large-scale surveys of the prevalence of this offence among university students in the UK. The aim of the current paper is to investigate the prevalence and characteristics of alcohol-related rape among university students in seven universities in Wales. <bold>Methods:</bold> All universities in Wales were approached to take part in the research. Eight of the nine universities agreed to take part and seven universities emailed their students as planned. On the launch date, emails were sent by the universities to all students requesting that they take part in the survey. The email contained a link to a questionnaire covering a range of topics including: demographics, lifestyle factors, and substance misuse. <bold>Results:</bold> In total, 7,846 students submitted a questionnaire. Overall, just under six per cent of females reported being the victim of alcohol-related rape while at university compared with one per cent of males. Sexual orientation was significantly correlated with alcohol-related rape, with three per cent of heterosexuals reported being the victim of alcohol-related rape, compared with eight per cent of lesbians or gays. Students who drank alcohol frequently and those involved in binge drinking were also significantly more likely to report the offence. <bold>Conclusions:</bold> The government and universities should play a more direct role to ensure that actions are taken to deter, prevent, and treat the consequences of these largely unreported offences. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Victims & Offenders is the property of Routledge and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Holloway, K. R., et al. (2016). "Non-fatal overdose among opiate users in Wales: a national survey." Journal of Substance Use 21(5): 471-477.
	Aims: To obtain a national prevalence estimate of non-fatal overdose among opiate users and describe the characteristics of non-fatal overdose events in Wales. Design: Cross-sectional. Setting: Twenty-nine Needle and Syringe Programmes (NSPs) operated by drug treatment agencies across Wales. Participants: Six-hundred sixty-one opiate users who attended NSPs during February and March 2013. Measurements: Consecutive opiate users were asked to complete a structured questionnaire about their history of overdose and the circumstances of their most recent overdose. Findings: Almost half (47%) of the respondents reported having overdosed at least once in their lives and 15% had done so in the last year. On average, respondents who reported overdosing in the last year had done so twice. The majority of overdoses was accidental (95%) and followed the injection of opiates (96%). Life-saving actions were not uncommon and included calling for an ambulance (66%), administration of naloxone (40%), and use of CPR (27%). Non-paramedic bystanders were often involved in taking potentially life-saving actions to help victims of opiate overdose. Conclusions: The research has generated previously unknown findings on the prevalence and nature of non-fatal overdose among opiate users in Wales. These results can be used to monitor the effectiveness of harm reduction interventions.

Holt, M., et al. (2018). "Peer victimization and sexual risk taking among adolescents." Journal of School Health 88(12): 903-909.
	Background: Research indicates that victimization exposures are associated with sexual risk-taking behaviors, but there is a relative lack of research on the relation between peer victimization and sexual risk taking among adolescents. This study fills this gap through examining how bullying, cyberbullying, and dating violence victimization at baseline are related to sexual risk-taking behaviors 1 year later. Methods: Participants were a convenience sample of 220 sexually active high school students who were drawn from a larger sample of 2205 adolescents attending 6 high schools in Illinois. Adolescents completed Wave 1 surveys in Spring 2015 and Wave 2 surveys in Spring 2016. Results: Latent difference score models indicated that bullying victimization was not related to sexual risk-taking behaviors. Baseline levels of cyberbullying and verbal teen dating violence, however, were both associated with more sex under the influence of alcohol at Wave 2. Further, findings revealed that changes over time in verbal teen dating violence victimization were associated with changes over time in sex under the influence of alcohol. Conclusions: Given links between peer victimization exposures and sexual risk-taking behaviors, school-based prevention and intervention efforts should address these in concert with one another.

Holzberg, J., et al. (2019). "Can They and Will They? Exploring Proxy Response of Sexual Orientation and Gender Identity in the Current Population Survey." Journal of Official Statistics 35(4): 885-911.
	Within the United States Federal Statistical System, there has been interest in capturing sexual orientation (SO) and gender identity (GI), collectively known as SOGI, on surveys to allow researchers to estimate the size and distribution of sexual and gender minority populations. SOGI measurement in federal surveys may also help to identify disparities between people who identify as lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender (LGBT) and those who do not in domains such as health, crime, or employment. Although research has been conducted on best practices for SOGI measurement in surveys, it has largely been limited to examination of self-reports. Many federal surveys use proxy reports, when one person generally responds for all household members. This research used cognitive interviews and focus groups to explore proxy response to SOGI questions. We explored potential sources of measurement error in proxy responses to SOGI questions, including sensitivity, difficulty, as well as the willingness and ability of respondents to answer SOGI questions about other household members. We also conducted paired interviews with members of the same household to assess level of agreement for SOGI questions. Findings suggest that measuring SOGI by proxy may be feasible in federal large-scale, general population surveys.

Hood Iii, M. V. and G. Neeley (2009). "Citizen, defend thyself: an individual-level analysis of concealed weapon permit holders." Criminal Justice Studies 22(1): 73-89.
	Research on right-to-carry laws and subsequent crime reduction has relied heavily on the use of econometric models relying on aggregate-level data. We examine the underlying individual-level motivations for obtaining a concealed weapon permit utilizing a survey of permit holders and citizens in New Orleans. Employing a multi-level modeling strategy, we simultaneously examine individual-level characteristics along with contextual effects, specifically the neighborhood violent crime rate. In sum, we find little evidence to support the supposition that concealed weapon permits are utilized by those most likely to be at risk for violent crime victimization. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Criminal Justice Studies is the property of Routledge and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Horowitz, I. L. (2010). ""Distancing" from Israel in Jewish American Life." Contemporary Jewry 30(2-3): 175-181.
	Issue Title: Are Israel and Young American Jews Growing Apart: Debating the Distancing Hypothesis This article is a commentary on the current discussion about the "distancing" thesis in American Jewish attitudes toward Israel. After reviewing the data and theory put forth in support and opposition to this thesis, the conclusion of my remarks is that the research and hypothesis on this subject remain too abstract to serve as a demonstration of either firm position. Instead, it is proposed that a macroscopic view of this subject take into consideration new conditions in Middle Eastern and European affairs, as well as changing political leadership in American politics and Israeli politics alike. To retain a microscopic approach, however sensitive the data, can only result in premature and arguably erroneous consequences. In short, this is a time for neither undue optimism or pessimism, but a heightened sense of carefully monitored globally inspired realism.

Horowitz, M., et al. (2018). "Sociology’s Sacred Victims and the Politics of Knowledge: Moral Foundations Theory and Disciplinary Controversies." The American Sociologist 49(4): 459-495.
	The field of sociology has long been subject to critique for alleged ideological bias and left-wing groupthink linked to its social justice mission. Critics contend that the construction of “sacred victims” by progressive intellectuals hinders their ability to objectively appraise the circumstances of such vulnerable groups. To address this criticism, we survey 479 sociologists in national universities and colleges in the U.S. regarding three sensitive controversies: urban poverty in the black community; gendered differences in occupational choices; and immigration. We find significant patterns in the data. Commitment to the field’s “moral mission,” preferred research paradigm, gender, and especially political orientation are all significant predictors of sociologists’ views. The results, we suggest, can be understood by conceptualizing the field of sociology as an “emotive community.” In doing so, we draw upon current social psychological research on moral foundations theory developed by Jonathan Haidt and colleagues.

Horvath, K. J., et al. (2010). "Should it be illegal for HIV-positive persons to have unprotected sex without disclosure? An examination of attitudes among US men who have sex with men and the impact of state law." AIDS Care 22(10): 1221-1228.
	The aims of this study were to describe the overall pattern and predictors of attitudes toward criminalizing unprotected sex without disclosure by persons living with HIV among a broad sample of men who have sex with men (MSM) living in the USA, and to examine whether attitudes and sexual risk behavior differ by states with HIV-specific laws or no such laws. Participants (n=1725) were recruited in a 3.5 month period to complete a cross-sectional 70-minute online survey assessing attitudes and high risk sexual behavior. Participants self-identified as male, 18 years of age or older, a US resident, and having ever had sex with a man. In addition, participants were coded as residing in a state with HIV-specific laws or not. Results showed that most (65%) respondents believed it should be illegal for persons living with HIV to have unprotected sex without disclosure. However, among the total sample and HIV-positive MSM, attitudes and unprotected sex with recent partners did not vary by state law. Believing that it should not be illegal for persons living with HIV to have unprotected sex without disclosure was associated with HIV-positive status (OR=0.33), higher education (ORs=0.42-0.64), gay orientation (non-gay orientation: OR=1.54), perceptions that state residents were somewhat or very accepting toward homosexuality (OR=0.75), unprotected anal intercourse with two or more recent sexual partners (OR=0.72), and lower perceptions of responsibility (OR=0.75). The results did not support the proposition that HIV-specific laws deter high-risk sexual behavior, however further research is needed to examine whether they act as a barrier for MSM at highest risk for acquiring or transmitting HIV.

Hout, M. and O. P. Hastings (2016). "Reliability of the Core Items in the General Social Survey: Estimates from the Three-Wave Panels, 2006-2014." Sociological Science 3: 971-1002.
	We used standard and multilevel models to assess the reliability of core items in the General Social Survey panel studies spanning 2006 to 2014. Most of the 293 core items scored well on the measure of reliability: 62 items (21 percent) had reliability measures greater than 0.85; another 71 (24 percent) had reliability measures between 0.70 and 0.85. Objective items, especially facts about demography and religion, were generally more reliable than subjective items. The economic recession of 2007-2009, the slow recovery afterward, and the election of Barack Obama in 2008 altered the social context in ways that may look like unreliability of items. For example, unemployment status, hours worked, and weeks worked have lower reliability than most work-related items, reflecting the consequences of the recession on the facts of peoples lives. Items regarding racial and gender discrimination and racial stereotypes scored as particularly unreliable, accounting for most of the 15 items with reliability coefficients less than 0.40. Our results allow scholars to more easily take measurement reliability into consideration in their own research, while also highlighting the limitations of these approaches.

Hövermann, A., et al. (2016). "Institutional imbalance, integration into Non-economic institutions, and a marketized mentality in Europe: A multilevel, partial elaboration of Institutional Anomie Theory." International Journal of Comparative Sociology 57(4): 231-254.
	This research builds upon prior efforts to transport insights from a macro-sociological theory of crime - Institutional Anomie Theory (IAT) - to enhance understanding of an important individual-level phenomenon in advanced capitalist societies - a 'marketized mentality'. Such a mentality entails a strong commitment to the utilitarian, instrumental values of the market at the expense of more altruistic, expressive values. Drawing upon IAT, we hypothesize that at the individual level, integration into selected non-economic institutions will tend to inhibit the adoption of a marketized mentality, but the strength of this inhibiting effect will vary depending on the degree to which economic institutions and non-economic institutions in society are 'balanced' or 'unbalanced'. Our theoretical arguments imply that observed levels of acceptance of a marketized mentality will vary significantly across societies and that this variation will be related to the degree of imbalance in the institutional order: We expect to observe a cross-level interaction such that the inhibiting effect of integration into non-economic institutions is attenuated as institutional imbalance increases. These hypotheses are assessed in multilevel analyses with data from 25 European countries using the European Social Survey. The results are generally in accordance with theoretical expectations, revealing how an institutional imbalance helps shape people's value orientations by promoting marketized mentalities and by weakening the socialization effects of non-economic institutions.

Howard, D. E., et al. (2013). "Ten-year trends in physical dating violence victimization among USA adolescent females." Journal of School Health 83(6): 389-399.
	BACKGROUND: The study provides 10-year trend data on the psychosocial correlates of physical dating violence (PDV) victimization among females who participated in the national Youth Risk Behavior Surveys of US high school students between1999 and 2009. METHODS: The dependent variable was PDV. Independent variables included 4 dimensions: violence, suicide, substance use, and sexual risk behavior. Unadjusted odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) were examined followed by multivariate logistic regression analyses. RESULTS: Approximately 1 in 10 girls experience PDV annually. PDV among adolescent females is a persistent public health problem despite concerted research and intervention efforts. PDV is associated with a set of psychosocial risk factors, particularly sad/hopeless feelings, suicidal ideation, and physical fighting. CONCLUSIONS: Longitudinal research is needed to improve understanding of the directionality of effects. Efforts need to concentrate on how best to make inroads in terms of primary and secondary prevention.

Huang, K., et al. (2011). "Drug problems in contemporary China: A profile of Chinese drug users in a metropolitan area." International Journal of Drug Policy 22(2): 128-132.
	Abstract: Background: Drug problems are reemerging in China since the nation implemented economic reform and an “open door” policy in the early 1980s. This is causing both national and international concern. However, knowledge and understanding of the Chinese drug problem is fairly limited because of the nation''s unique social and political history. In response to this shortage of information, our study presents a profile of Chinese drug users. Methods: Data were collected from a survey of drug users attending mandatory treatment centres in a large city in 2009. We present a demographic profile of the drug users, describe their patterns of drug use, their access to drugs and their history of drug treatment. Results: Chinese drug users, like those from the U.S., are likely to be unemployed and have a low level of education. However, they are more likely than those in the U.S. to use heroin, Bingdu (methamphetamine) and Maguo (a derivative of methamphetamine), and they pay less for their drugs. Conclusion: This profile of drug users is informative and valuable for drug prevention, intervention, and treatment in the Chinese setting because knowing and understanding the drug population is essential for effective control. [Copyright &y& Elsevier]
Copyright of International Journal of Drug Policy is the property of Elsevier B.V. and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Huang, L. (2016). "Identifying risk factors for household burdens of road traffic fatalities: regression results from a cross-sectional survey in Taiwan." BMC public health 16(1202): (29 November 2016)-(2029 November 2016).
	Background: Road traffic fatalities (RTF) are among the top ten causes of deaths in the world. The risk factors for RTF fatal victims have been extensively characterized, but studies of household burden of RTF have been very few in number. Accordingly, this article investigates post-crash impacts on RTF victims' family members, including the adverse impacts of lost income, occupational disruption, unfavorable family dynamics, and residential relocation. Methods: Survey data from 1291 RTF family members interviewed in Taiwan in 2012 provide the evidence of impact used in this article. Twelve variables related to the family member's socio-demographic background were used to predict the scope of the adverse impact of a fatal crash in regression models developed for this analysis. Results: RTF victims' spouses with relatively low personal incomes and strong dependence upon the crash victims were found to be most likely to experience a marked decrease in post-crash quality of life. RTF victims' family members who lived with few other adult cohabitants and had more juvenile dependents and were emotionally dependent on the victims were found to be quite likely to experience post-crash setbacks in occupational stability. RTF victims' family members who were emotionally dependent on the victims were found to be more likely to experience major family life disruptions. The younger the RTF victims' family members, and the more years since the crash, the higher the likelihood of residential relocation taking place. Conclusions: The results noted help identify those RTF victims' families that will most likely be adversely affected by the crash. The true societal costs of RTF crashes should include the adversities suffered by the fatal crash victims' families. Social welfare policies, mental health support, and timely supplemental resources should be made available to those surviving families most at risk of major life disruptions.

Huang, L. (2018). "Unmet needs and service satisfaction of victim support for the direct and indirect victims of serious violence: results from a cross-sectional survey in Taiwan." PLoS ONE 13(2): e0192905-e0192905.
	Victim support services, in mature societies, aim to help victims recover after suffering a traumatic event. The effectiveness of victim support has traditionally been evaluated through rates of service utilization and incidence of psychopathology such as posttraumatic stress disorder. The current study, instead, inquires into service users' unmet needs and satisfaction, and identifies factors that mediate such subjective measures, using data from a national cross-sectional survey on victims and surviving families of violent crime in Taiwan in 2011. The results reveal: (1) a gap between available and expected services, and (2) a correlation between service utilization and satisfaction, both consistent with previous studies. In addition, the current study identifies unsatisfied service users: They are homicidally bereaved, live with their spouse, suffer from post-crime financial distress and are still waiting for a court verdict on the incident. Victim support that helps victims heal through tailored services incorporating relationship counseling is proposed.

Huang, P., et al. (2019). "Public knowledge, attitudes and willingness regarding bystander cardiopulmonary resuscitation: a nationwide survey in Taiwan." Journal of the Formosan Medical Association 118(2): 572-581.
	Background: A low bystander cardiopulmonary resuscitation (CPR) rate is one of the factors associated with low cardiac arrest survival. This study aimed to assess knowledge, attitudes, and willingness towards performing CPR and the barriers for implementation of bystander-initiated CPR. Methods: Telephone interviews were conducted using an author-designed and validated structured questionnaire in Taiwan. After obtaining a stratified random sample from the census, the results were weighted to match population data. The factors affecting bystander-initiated CPR were analysed using logistic regression. Results: Of the 1073 respondents, half of them stated that they knew how to perform CPR correctly, although 86.7% indicated a willingness to perform CPR on strangers. The barriers to CPR performance reported by the respondents included fear of legal consequences (44%) and concern about harming patients (36.5%). Most participants expressed a willingness to attend only an hour-long CPR course. Respondents who were less likely to indicate a willingness to perform CPR were female, healthcare providers, those who had no cohabiting family members older than 65 years, those who had a history of a stroke, and those who expressed a negative attitude toward CPR. Conclusion: The expressed willingness to perform bystander CPR was high if the respondents possessed the required skills. Attempts should be made to recruit potential bystanders for CPR courses or education, targeting those respondent subgroups less likely to express willingness to perform CPR. The reason for lower bystander CPR willingness among healthcare providers deserves further investigation.

Hughes, M. R., et al. (2015). "Staying Away From School: Adolescents Who Miss School Due to Feeling Unsafe." Youth Violence & Juvenile Justice 13(3): 270-290.
	Perceptions of school safety, fear of crime among students, and school avoidance have received increasing research attention in recent decades. Feeling unsafe at school impacts mental health, absenteeism, and academic success. We focus on a behavioral indicator of heightened concern about safety among high school students. Using 2011 National Youth Risk Behavior Survey data, we examine how crime victimization, bullying, drug use, weapon carrying, defensibility, media exposure, social integration, and school disorder affect school avoidance. Complementary log–log regression results indicate differences in predictors across sex, race/ethnicity, and class year. Implications for policy and future research on school avoidance are discussed. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Youth Violence & Juvenile Justice is the property of Sage Publications Inc. and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Humphris, G., et al. (2014). "Validating a measure of the prevalence of dental anxiety as applied to Kuwaiti adolescents." Community Dental Health 31(4): 251-256.
	Objectives: To assess self-reported dental anxiety (DA) among Kuwaiti adolescents and to test whether different dental anxiety scales are valid for measuring DA in Kuwait. Basic research design: Cross-sectional, structured, anonymous questionnaire survey in Arabic completed at government schools. Participants: 757 pupils aged 13-15 years from three schools filled the questionnaire. Useable response rate was 93.0%. Main measures: DA was assessed by: 1, a single-item dental fear question (DF); 2, the Modified Dental Anxiety Scale (MDAS); and 3, the Modified Child Dental Anxiety Scale: faces (MCDASf). Results: A third of the girls and 6% of boys reported being very much afraid of visiting a dentist. Use of the drill and injection in the gum were the most anxiety arousing MDAS items; tooth extraction and injection of the MCDASf items. Total mean for MDAS was 11.4 (sd 4.6) and for MCDASf 16.6 (sd 6.5). A tenth of the children were highly dentally anxious when measured by MDAS (score ≥19). Girls reported statistically significantly higher DA scores with all the measures. There was a high correlation between the total score of the MDAS and the total score of the MCDASf (ρ=0.855). Statistically significant relationship (p&lt;0.001) was found between the single-item DF and the total score of the MDAS and a single item and the total score of the MCDASf. Conclusions: A tenth of children were highly dentally anxious; girls reporting higher scores. A single-item dental fear question, MDAS and MCDASf were valid tools for measuring DA among Kuwaiti adolescents.

Hussein, D. M., et al. (2013). "Breast cancer awareness and breast self-examination in Northern Saudi Arabia: a preliminary survey." Saudi Medical Journal 34(7): 681-688.
	Objectives: To elicit knowledge of breast cancer, perception of occurrence, and behavior in relation to breast self-examination (BSE). Methods: A cross-sectional survey was carried out at the Department of Pathology, Medical College, University of Hail, Hail, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia for local occupants from Hail city and its rural neighborhood between September 2010 and February 2012. A personal interview-administered descriptive questionnaire and both descriptive and inferential statistics were used. Results: A total of 1000 participants agreed to be involved, out of which 87.7% were females, 7.2% were males and 5.1% had undisclosed gender. The age range for participants was 12-66 years. Out of all participants, 44% did not know that breast cancer is an abnormal growth and 78% failed to recognise its multi-factorial nature, with "Increased age" being the least recognised single risk factor 4.8%. Scores showed that 61.5% had a low level of breast cancer related knowledge. Out of the participants who knew of someone who had breast cancer 73%, 50.1% said the disease was discovered at a "Late stage" mainly by "Chance". Data for BSE indicated that 50.1% of female participants &gt;16 years old did not practice BSE, and "Fear" was the main declared perceived reason. Conclusion: This study demonstrates a low level of fundamental knowledge of breast cancer and fear to practice BSE.

Husser, J. A. and K. E. Fernandez (2018). "We Are Happier than We Realize: Underestimation and Conflation in Measuring Happiness." Journal of Happiness Studies 19(2): 587-606.
	AbsractThe study evaluates a very common question designed to measure happiness: “Taken all together, how would you say things are these days–would you say that you are very happy, pretty happy, or not too happy?” Through five representative survey experiments, we show that (1) this survey item underestimates the level of happiness with one’s life; (2) this is because the measure is more likely to reflect satisfaction with the state of the world rather than personal life; (3) this measures is more susceptible to priming; (4) the addition of three words “in your life” to the item greatly reduces priming and question order effects; and (5) the addition of these three words produces results that are very similar to life satisfaction measures that include “in your life” and are more positively associated with income. These results provide evidence that a simple correction better measures personal happiness. Furthermore, our findings reassess the foundation of a considerable volume of scholarship about how politics and income is associated happiness.

Ibanga, A. (2011). "Sexual victimization, partner aggression and alcohol consumption." African Journal of Drug and Alcohol Studies 10(1): Article ID 72893-Article ID 72893.
	This paper examines the relationship sexual victimization (both childhood sexual victimization and adult sexual victimization), aggression and alcohol consumption. The data for this research is from the Gender, Alcohol and Culture: an International Study (GENACIS). A random sample of 2070 adults (53.8% males and 64.2% females), 18 years and above, drawn from two geo-political regions in Nigeria were interviewed. The interest here is to examine the prevalence of childhoodand adult- sexual victimization among males and females, who is reported as the perpetrators of victimization. Results obtained did not show any gender difference in prevalence of childhood sexual victimization or adult sexual victimization. It was also found that childhood sexual victimization was predictive of adult victimization. This paper further explores the relationship of sexual victimization with the experience of partner aggression as well as individual alcohol drinking pattern. There are indications of a link between childhood sexual victimization and subsequent partner aggression. There was however no relationship in regards to alcohol consumption patterns. Implications of these findings are discussed.

Ibem, E. O., et al. (2017). "Satisfaction with Neighbourhood Environments in Public Housing: Evidence from Ogun State, Nigeria." Social Indicators Research 130(2): 733-757.
	Neighbourhood satisfaction in nine public housing estates was investigated using data derived from household surveys involving 517 respondents in urban areas of Ogun State, Nigeria. The study was conducted between December 2009 and February 2010; and the data were derived using structured questionnaire and subjected to descriptive statistical, factor and multivariate regression analyses. The result reveals that the respondents were generally dissatisfied with neighbourhood environment in the housing estates; and the main source of dissatisfaction was poor access to services and infrastructure. Satisfaction with services and infrastructure; socio-economic environment; security; and levels of noise and privacy in the housing estates as well as marital, employment and tenure status of the respondents emerged as the predictors of neighbourhood satisfaction. Therefore, to improve neighbourhood satisfaction and the quality of life residents in public housing; urban planners, housing developers and managers must engage in innovative planning, design and management strategies that ensure residents' satisfaction with these key neighbourhood features.

Imai, H., et al. (2019). "A Multi-Year Investigation of the Factors Underlying Decreasing Interactions of Children and Adults with Natural Environments in Japan." Human Ecology 47(5): 717-731.
	The objective of this research was to assess recent trends towards decreasing interactions of both children and adults with natural environments over the period 2000–2015 and to provide insight into the factors responsible. We focused on differences in the experiences of children and adults who lived in various residential environments. This 15-years extensive questionnaire survey was conducted by the local government (Sendai City, Japan) using vegetation maps. Both children and adults were asked whether they had observed 12 species groups within the previous year. We used observation frequency and apathy (i.e., degree of interest in or concern for the natural environment) indices to determine level of engagement with wildlife and natural environments. We determined that the higher observation frequency in adults was influenced by their childhood exposure to wildlife and nature interactions. Residential environment did not explain the difference in interactions with nature between children and adults. This study underscores the importance of childhood experiences for gaining knowledge about nature and the ability to identify wildlife.

Inobaya, M. T., et al. (2018). "Mass drug administration and the sustainable control of schistosomiasis: an evaluation of treatment compliance in the rural Philippines." Parasites and Vectors 11(441): (31 July 2018)-(2031 July 2018).
	Background: Preventive chemotherapy is the current global control strategy for schistosomiasis. The WHO target coverage rate is at least 75% for school-aged children. In the Philippines, the reported national coverage rate (43.5%) is far below the WHO target. This study examined the factors associated with non-compliance to mass drug administration. Methods: A cross-sectional survey was conducted in 2015 among 2189 adults in the province of Northern Samar, the Philippines using a structured face-to-face survey questionnaire. Results: The overall rate of non-compliance to mass drug administration (MDA) in the last treatment round was 27%. Females (aOR=1.67, P=0.033) were more likely to be non-compliant. Respondents who believed that schistosomiasis was acquired by open defecation and poor sanitation (aOR=1.41, P=0.015), and by drinking unclean water (aOR=2.09, P=0.001) were more likely to refuse treatment. Uncertainties on whether schistosomiasis can be treated (aOR=2.39, P=0.033), their fear of adverse reactions to praziquantel (aOR=1.94, P=0.021), misconceptions about alternative forms of treatment (aOR=1.45, P=0.037), and that praziquantel is used for purposes other than deworming (aOR=2.15, P=0.021) were all associated with a higher odd of non-compliance. In contrary, being a farmer (aOR=0.62, P=0.038), participation in past MDA (aOR=0.30, P&lt;0.001), informed about impending MDA (aOR=0.08, P&lt;0.001), and having heard of schistosomiasis (aOR=0.22, P=0.045) were all significantly associated with reduced non-compliance. Conclusions: To improve drug compliance for schistosomiasis there is an urgent need for intensive health education campaigns before conducting MDA that would not only provide disease specific information, but also deal with prevailing misconceptions about transmission, prevention, treatment, and drug side-effects.

Isaac, O. A. and P. T. Tanga (2016). "Attitude of tuberculosis patients towards the risk of HIV/AIDS." Studies on Ethno-Medicine 10(3): 375-382.
	Tuberculosis patients are more likely to test positive to Human Immunodeficiency Virus and this is the reason more TB patients need to be tested for HIV. The goal of this paper was to find out the attitude of TB patient towards the risk of HIV/AIDS. Descriptive survey design was used with 150 participants who are receiving treatments at Directly Observed Therapy (DOT) centers in Ibadan metropolis. The survey used a pre-coded, self-administered questionnaire, which contained approximately 53 items, including demographic information. The results show that TB patients have negative attitude towards HIV as a result of fear of double stigmatization. Based on this finding, it was recommended that the healthcare system should be strengthened by embarking on periodical enlightenment programs that create awareness about danger of stigmatization of TB patients. This will help in removing the barrier of stigmatization towards tuberculosis patients for better combat HIV/AIDS.

Islam, M. J., et al. (2017). "Intimate partner violence around the time of pregnancy and postpartum depression: the experience of women of Bangladesh." PLoS ONE 12(5): e0176211-e0176211.
	Background and objectives: Intimate partner violence (IPV) around the time of pregnancy is a serious public health concern and is known to have an adverse effect on perinatal mental health. In order to craft appropriate and effective interventions, it is important to understand how the association between IPV and postpartum depression (PPD) may differ as a function of the type and timing of IPV victimization. Here we evaluate the influence of physical, sexual and psychological IPV before, during and after pregnancy on PPD. Methods: Cross-sectional survey data was collected between October 2015 and January 2016 in the Chandpur District of Bangladesh from 426 new mothers, aged 15-49 years, who were in the first six months postpartum. Multivariate logistic regression models were used to estimate the association between IPV and PPD, adjusted for socio-demographic, reproductive and psychosocial confounding factors. Results: Approximately 35.2% of women experienced PPD within the first six months following childbirth. Controlling for confounders, the odds of PPD was significantly greater among women who reported exposure to physical (AOR: 1.79, 95% CI [1.25, 3.43]), sexual (AOR: 2.25, 95% CI [1.14, 4.45]) or psychological (AOR: 6.92, 95% CI [1.71, 28.04]) IPV during pregnancy as opposed to those who did not. However, both before and after pregnancy, only physical IPV evidences a direct effect on PPD. Results highlight the mental health consequences of IPV for women of Bangladesh, as well as the influence of timing and type of IPV on PPD outcomes. Conclusions and implications: The findings confirm that exposure to IPV significantly increases the odds of PPD. The association is particularly strong for physical IPV during all periods and psychological IPV during pregnancy. Results reinforce the need to conduct routine screening during pregnancy to identify women with a history of IPV who may at risk for PPD and to offer them necessary support.

Issah, K., et al. (2015). "Assessment of the usefulness of integrated disease surveillance and response on suspected ebola cases in the Brong Ahafo Region, Ghana." Infectious Diseases of Poverty 4(17): (10 A-(10 A.
	Background: This study assessed the quality, core and support functions of the integrated disease surveillance and response (IDSR) system relating to 18 suspected cases of Ebola virus disease (EVD) in the Brong Ahafo Region, Ghana. Methods: Data was collected on selected indicators of the surveillance system relating to 18 suspected cases of EVD, from epidemiological week 19 to 45 of 2014. We conducted in-depth interviews with seven medical directors and two district directors of health services, and also reviewed documentation on the implementation of the core, support and quality functions of the IDSR system. We also monitored news in the media and rumours about EVD within the community as well as in health facility surveillance registers. Results: The study identified gaps in the implementation of IDSR relating to 18 suspected cases of EVD. Health staff heavily relied on haemorrhage as the only symptom for detection of suspected EVD cases. Twelve blood samples and a swab of secretions from the mouth of the thirteenth patient (who died) tested negative for EVD using PCR assay in laboratory confirmation. The blood samples of three patients were discarded, as they did not fit the case definition for suspected cases, whilst two refused for their blood samples to be taken. The community-based surveillance (CBS) system has not been given a prominent role in EVD surveillance and response, as demonstrated by CBS volunteers and health staff not receiving any training in these processes. There was intense public interest in EVD in August and September 2014. That interest has since waned for reasons that have to be formally ascertained. Unfounded fear of and anxiety about EVD still remain challenges due to a lack of in-depth knowledge about the disease in Ghana. Conclusion: Ghana has been one of the pioneers in the implementation of IDSR in Africa. Despite this, gaps have been identified in the implementation of IDSR relating to EVD in the Brong Ahafo Region. To address these gaps, the CBS system has to actively partner with health facility surveillance to achieve effective IDSR in the region.

Jackson, D. B., et al. (2019). "New evidence of the nexus between neighborhood violence, perceptions of danger, and child health." Health Affairs 38(5): 746-754.
	Neighborhood characteristics have been associated with various facets of children's health. This study explored whether adverse neighborhood conditions - particularly violence exposure and perceptions of danger - were associated with child health status and health risks across four dimensions: health difficulties (for example, headaches, stomachaches, or breathing problems), chronic physical conditions, developmental disorders, and mental health conditions. Data were derived from the 2016 National Survey of Children's Health, a survey of a cross-sectional weighted probability sample of US children ages 0-17. The findings indicate that neighborhood violence exposure and perceptions of danger yielded the strongest associations with the studied health dimensions and were especially relevant to the occurrence and accumulation of intersecting health problems across dimensions. The findings underscore the need for multiple sectors and agencies to collectively invest in public safety and community violence prevention as a means of promoting health among children.

Jackson, D. B., et al. (2019). "Bully victimization and child and adolescent health: new evidence from the 2016 NSCH." Annals of Epidemiology 29: 60-66.
	Purpose: To explore whether children with diagnosable health conditions are at greater risk of bully victimization and whether, among these children, bully victimization further elevates the risk of an array of health difficulties. Methods: We examined a recent, nationally representative sample of children and adolescents aged 6-17 years who participated in the 2016 National Survey of Children's Health. Survey data pertaining to the children and adolescents covering bully victimization, health difficulties, and diagnosable health conditions were obtained from primary caregivers. Results: The results suggest that children with diagnosable conditions are at significantly higher risk of being bullied, particularly among children with birth defects and developmental disorders (e.g., 50% or more are victims of bullying). Furthermore, the findings reveal that, among children with diagnosable conditions, those who are victims of bullying are significantly more likely to experience various health challenges, relative to nonvictims. While these findings are significant across age groups, 12- to 17-year-old youth are more likely to experience bullying in the presence of multiple developmental disorders, and when this occurs, these youth are more likely to manifest health difficulties than younger children. Conclusions: The findings suggest that children with disabilities and chronic health conditions, who are at a significantly greater risk of being bullied, also suffer from further health difficulties when they are victimized by their peers. In conjunction with school-based interventions, primary care physicians may be ideally positioned to assess youth for victimization risk, provide counseling to youth victims, and reduce future victimization through office-based youth violence interventions.

Jackson, J., et al. (2011). "Developing European indicators of trust in justice." European Journal of Criminology 8(4): 267-285.
	A social indicators approach to trust in justice recognizes that the police and criminal courts need public support and institutional legitimacy if they are to operate effectively and fairly. In order to generate public cooperation and compliance, these institutions must demonstrate to citizens that they are trustworthy and that they possess the authority to govern. In this paper we first outline the conceptual roadmap for a current comparative analysis of trust in justice. We then describe the methodological development process of a 45-item module in Round 5 of the European Social Survey, which fields the core survey indicators. After presenting the findings from a quantitative pilot of the indicators, we consider the policy implications of a procedural justice model of criminal justice. [Reprinted by permission of Sage Publications, Ltd., copyright holder.]

Jahangir, H., et al. (2016). "Snakebite epidemiology in Bangladesh - a national community based health and injury survey." Health 8(5): 479-486.
	Insert Snakebite is a global public health issue, and in majority of cases it is undermined. Tropical and subtropical countries are most effected, Bangladesh being one of them. There is scarcity of countries' epidemiological situation in relation to snakebite poisoning. This study has looked at the epidemiological status of snakebite poisoning from national representative survey findings. Methods: A nationwide cross-sectional survey was conducted in 12 randomly selected districts of Bangladesh in 2003. A total of 171,366 households were surveyed and information was collected from 819,429 populations by face to face interview. Multi-stage cluster sampling methods were used in this survey and covered urban, rural and slum populations. Results: Annually an estimated 15,372 (10.98/100,000) individuals were bitten by snakes and of them 1709 (1.22/100,000) died every year. Males were found to be most vulnerable with a risk of 1.51 times higher than female. Rural populations were also 10.54 times higher at risk than the populations living in the urban areas. Among the victims 94% were from the poor socio economic conditions. Around 43.9% of the incidences occurred during evening to midnight. Home was found the most common area for snake bite (33.6%), and the Leg was found to be the most common site for biting (63.1%). A total of 96.6% victims sought treatment, of them 61% sought immediate treatment from traditional healing methods. Conclusions: Present incidence of snakebite in Bangladesh has clearly shown that there is emerging public health needs for intervention that can reduce the mortality and burden of the disease in the country.

Jahnke, S. and A. Malón (2019). "How pedophilic men think about adult-child sex: effects of child gender and physical maturity." Psychology, Crime & Law 25(1): 90-107.
	To date, very little research has tackled whether pedophilic men's attitude towards adult-child sex depends on characteristics of the adult or the child involved in such acts. This study examines the effect of the child's gender (male vs. female) and physical maturity (pre-pubescent vs. early pubescent) on the moral evaluation of apparently noncoercive adult-child sex in a 2 × 2 factorial online vignette experiment. One hundred eighty-three English-speaking pedophilic men rated their agreement with moral arguments on the Immoral Sex Scale, as well as whether they believed this behavior to be typical for a child. The results revealed considerable inter-individual differences, with about one third showing restrictive moral attitudes. Contrary to our expectations, gender and physical maturity neither affected the perceived morality of the sexual act, nor beliefs about the representativeness of the child's behavior. However, when controlling for confounds, pedophilic men believed that boys were more likely to willingly engage in adult-child sex. Furthermore, participants with stronger liberal attitudes were found to be more likely to defend the sexual act, as were participants with a preferential interest in pre-pubescents. There was no link between attitudes towards adult-child sex and sexual offending, replicating the non-associations reported in previous community surveys. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Psychology, Crime & Law is the property of Routledge and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Janke, E. A., et al. (2016). "Catastrophizing and anxiety sensitivity mediate the relationship between persistent pain and emotional eating." Appetite 103: 64-71.
	Stress-induced or "emotional eating" contributes to increased caloric intake and weight gain, yet models examining psychosocial factors that promote and sustain this behavior are incomplete. There is a need to identify explicit, clinically-relevant mechanisms of emotional eating behavior. Pain is a common stressor associated with increased weight and, potentially, altered eating behaviors. The present study applies the Fear Avoidance Model (FAM) of pain to examine processes that may explain the relationship between pain and increased weight while also providing the opportunity to examine specific mechanisms that may encourage eating during a variety of stressors. Our aim is to better understand the impact of pain on eating behavior and the potential for the FAM to improve our understanding of the psychological mechanisms that promote eating during times of duress. A survey of 312 adults explored the link between pain experience and stress-induced eating, further examining the mediating effects of the psychological aspects of the FAM (e.g., anxiety sensitivity, catastrophizing, and pain-related fear). 24% of respondents reported persistent pain, and had significantly higher BMIs than their pain-free peers. All three FAM components were positively correlated with measures of emotional, external, and restrained eating. Anxiety sensitivity and catastrophizing significantly mediated the relationship between persistent pain and emotional eating behavior, while anxiety sensitivity alone mediated the relationship between persistent pain and external eating. Findings suggest pain may be associated with increased likelihood for emotional eating and that characteristics from FAM, in particular anxiety sensitivity and catastrophizing, may mediate the relationship between the presence of persistent pain and emotional eating behavior. Evidence-based treatments targeting anxiety sensitivity and catastrophizing could be useful to address emotional eating in individuals struggling with both weight and chronic pain.

Janosz, M., et al. (2018). "Witnessing violence in early secondary school predicts subsequent student impairment." Journal of Epidemiology & Community Health 72(12): 1117-1123.
	Background: Past research suggests that adolescents who witness violence are at risk of adjustment problems. However, few studies have implemented a longitudinal design and have accounted for direct experiences of victimisation and other major confounders. This prospective study examines the relationship between witnessing school violence and subsequent impairment and whether such associations depend on the kind of violence witnessed. Methods: 3936 adolescents from Quebec (Canada) were followed from ages 12 through 15 years. Linear regression tested associations between witnessing school violence at age 13 and subsequent antisocial behaviour (drug use, delinquency), emotional distress (social anxiety, depressive symptoms) and academic adjustment (school achievement, engagement) at age 15. We compared the relative contribution of differing forms of witnessing school violence versus being victimised directly. Results: General school violence predicted later impairment. The adjusted associations between indirectly experiencing violence as a bystander and subsequent impairment were comparable to those of direct victimisation. Witnessing covert and major violence was associated with drug use and delinquency. Witnessing minor violence was associated with increases in drug use, social anxiety, depressive symptoms and decreases in school engagement. Conclusions: Almost all students witnessed school violence, which predicted impairment. Witnessing violence was associated with risk of subsequent adjustment problems 2 years later. Directly experienced victimisation showed a comparable magnitude of risk. This suggests that when it comes to symptoms of conduct disorder, witnessing violence might have the same impact as experiencing it directly. Witnessing earlier covert and major violence predicted social impairment whereas minor violence predicted psychological and academic impairment.

Janssen, I. (2014). "Crime and perceptions of safety in the home neighborhood are independently associated with physical activity among 11-15 year olds." Preventive medicine 66: 113-117.
	Objective: To determine whether perceptions of neighborhood safety and measures of neighborhood crime are independently associated within physical activity in youth. Methods: The study sample consisted of 14,125 youths in grades 6-10 (ages 11-15) who participated in the nationally representative cross-sectional 2009/10 Canadian Health Behaviour in School-Aged Children Survey. Participants responded to four questions about how safe their home neighborhood is and reported whether or not they accumulated at least 4 h/week of physical activity in their free-time outside of school hours. Crimes against persons was assessed in 1 km radius buffers around participants' homes. Associations were assessed using logistic regression. Results: After controlling for crime and relevant confounders, the relative odds of being physically active outside of school was 0.52 (95% CI: 0.44-0.62) in youth whose perceptions of neighborhood safety were in the lowest quintile. After controlling for perceptions of safety and relevant confounders, the relative odds of being physically active outside of school was 0.75 (0.60-0.95) in youth from neighborhoods with crimes against persons scores in the highest quintile. Conclusions: Within this large sample of 11-15 year olds, perceptions and objective measures of neighborhood safety and crime were independently associated with physical activity in free-time outside of school.

Janzen, R., et al. (2016). "Just Faith? A National Survey Connecting Faith and Justice Within the Christian Reformed Church." Review of Religious Research 58(2): 229-247.
	Does the call to pursue justice live in the hearts and minds of contemporary Christians? If so, to what extent? In order to address these questions, our research team used a community-based research approach to investigate how Christians in a specific denomination (the Christian Reformed Church in North America) conceptualize the relationship between justice and faith, what priority justice holds in their lives, and the barriers and enablers they identify to pursuing justice. This article reports on the findings of a survey that was distributed to a representative sample of 264 congregational members across Canada. Findings show that understandings of justice from “the pew” are multifaceted even if conceptually vague. Yet justice is clearly understood as being connected to faith even if there is ambiguity as to how it fits into the spectrum of Christian life. There is subsequently a need to assist congregants in translating their awareness of injustice and desire for justice into action. In particular, survey results emphasize the importance of pairing a Christian vision for justice with opportunities to experience exemplars of justice work. Further research could explore the extent to which these on-the-ground perspectives are shared across Christian and other faith traditions, and across world regions.

Jarvis, L. and S. Macdonald (2015). "What Is Cyberterrorism? Findings From a Survey of Researchers." Terrorism & Political Violence 27(4): 657-678.
	This article reports on a recent survey designed to capture understandings of cyberterrorism across the global research community. Specifically, it explores competing views, and the importance thereof, amongst 118 respondents on three definitional issues: (a) the need for a specific definition of cyberterrorism for either policymakers or researchers; (b) the core characteristics or constituent parts of this concept; and (c) the value of applying the term “cyberterrorism” to a range of actual or potential scenarios. The article concludes by arguing that while a majority of researchers believe a specific definition of cyberterrorism is necessary for academics and policymakers, disagreement around what this might look like has additional potential to stimulate a rethinking of terrorism more widely. [ABSTRACT FROM PUBLISHER]
Copyright of Terrorism & Political Violence is the property of Routledge and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Jasinski, J., et al. (2014). "Testing Johnson's Typology: Is There Gender Symmetry in Intimate Terrorism?" Violence & Victims 29(1): 73-88.
	Despite the vast literature on gender symmetry in the perpetration of domestic assault, few studies have looked specifically at both the female and male victims of violence. Using data from the National Violence Against Women Survey (NVAWS) and building on the work of Johnson and Leone (2005), this study is a comparison of the female and male victims of intimate terrorism (IT) and an examination of the effects of IT on male victims. The findings indicate that IT, as a type of violence, does not have the same characteristics when the victims are men. Men involved in a terroristic marriage are not more likely to be injured, do not miss work more frequently, and are not more likely to report symptoms of depression compared to men involved in situational couple violence (SCV). Other findings appear to point to gender symmetry between women and men regarding IT, although broad conclusions based on these findings cannot be made in the absence of a sufficient means to measure the level of coercion within the relationship. Additional research is needed with more innovative and complete measures of control, the defining characteristic of IT. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Violence & Victims is the property of Springer Publishing Company, Inc. and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Jasinski, J. and R. Morgan (2014). "Testing Johnson's Typology: Is There Gender Symmetry in Intimate Terrorism?" Violence and victims 29(1): 73-88.
	Despite the vast literature on gender symmetry in the perpetration of domestic assault, few studies have looked specifically at both the female and male victims of violence. Using data from the National Violence Against Women Survey (NVAWS) and building on the work of Johnson and Leone (2005), this study is a comparison of the female and male victims of intimate terrorism (IT) and an examination of the effects of IT on male victims. The findings indicate that IT, as a type of violence, does not have the same characteristics when the victims are men. Men involved in a terroristic marriage are not more likely to be injured, do not miss work more frequently, and are not more likely to report symptoms of depression compared to men involved in situational couple violence (SCV). Other findings appear to point to gender symmetry between women and men regarding IT, although broad conclusions based on these findings cannot be made in the absence of a sufficient means to measure the level of coercion within the relationship. Additional research is needed with more innovative and complete measures of control, the defining characteristic of IT. Adapted from the source document.

Jauffret-Roustide, M., et al. (2009). "Representations of hepatitis C treatment among drug users. InVS-ANRS Coquelicot Survey, France, 2004-2007. / Représentations du traitement de l'hépatite C chez les usagers de drogues. Enquête InVS-ANRS Coquelicot, France, 2004-2007." Bulletin Épidémiologique Hebdomadaire(20/21): 213-217.
	In France, even though access to hepatitis C treatment was restricted for drug users (DUs) for a long time, the situation has improved these last years. Between 2004 and 2007, the Coquelicot Survey, contributed to describe the social perception of hepatitis C treatment among DUs, by confronting quantitative results and qualitative approach. A cross-sectional epidemiological survey was performed among 1462 DUs having injected or snorted drugs at least once, in five cities (Lille, Strasbourg, Paris, Bordeaux and Marseilles). Additional socioanthropological research was conducted with 99 DUs. 92% of DUs perceive hepatitis C as a severe disease, and 77% are aware of the existence of efficient treatments. On the other hand, 55% only think that access to treatments is easy for DUs. Among the reasons cited by DUs, half those questioned mention fears concerning treatment protocol (54%), stereotypical characteristics of DUs' personality (45%), fears linked to the preliminary exams (33%). Physicians' behaviours, precarious living conditions, and the lack of information are mentioned by 20% of DUs. The qualitative analysis of the survey underlines the difficulties of the doctor/patient interaction and the importance of negative information about HCV treatment among the DUs' population. DUs claim for the implementation of structures taking into account hepatitis C and addiction, and low threshold treatments.

Jeevitha, T., et al. (2013). "Comparison of attitude of health care professionals and experience of HIV patients towards HIV/AIDS related stigma and discrimination." International Journal of Current Microbiology and Applied Sciences 2(7): 164-170.
	To elicit the attitude of health care professionals towards HIV related stigma and discrimination and to assess the experience of HIV patients towards HIV related stigma and discrimination. A questionnaire survey was conducted among doctors (n=100), nurses/laboratory technicians (n=100) in rural teaching hospital and people living with HIV/AIDS (n=50). Three Different self-assessed questionnaires were set for doctors, nurses/laboratory technicians and people living with HIV/AIDS. Participants were directly approached by investigators and the data obtained were correlated and analyzed statistically using SPSS software. 78% of doctors accepted that they had fear over touching sweat/saliva whereas 63% of nurses accepted that they had fear over dressing the wounds of HIV patients. 84% of HIV patients experienced that they have not been treated in time. Delivery for HIV positive women were refused by 62% of the doctors and 80% of the patients were referred to other institutions. People living with HIV were experienced that 88% of the doctors refused to conduct surgery and 85% of doctors were also accepted about rejection of surgery. Only 3% of doctors accepted that they had performed surgeries/Invasive procedure for HIV patients. We recommend that seminars, workshops should be organized on a continuous basis for health care workers on universal precautions, stigma and discrimination reduction. The institution should also make available materials needed to protect workers against the risk of acquiring pathogenic infection in the course of providing health services to their patients.

Jelleyman, C., et al. (2019). "A cross-sectional description of parental perceptions and practices related to risky play and independent mobility in children: the New Zealand state of play survey." International journal of environmental research and public health 16(2): 262-262.
	The potential for risky play and independent mobility to increase children's physical activity, and enhance cognitive development and emotional wellbeing has been recognised for some time. The aim of this study was to describe the attitudes of New Zealand parents towards such risky play practices and independent mobility, the barriers preventing them from allowing their children to participate, and how often their children engaged in risky play activities. An online survey comprised mostly of validated scales and standardised questions was completed by a nationally representative sample of 2003 parents. We found that parents had neutral feelings about the risk of injury to their child through play, rather they were concerned about road safety and "stranger danger". There was strong agreement that there are multiple benefits to be gained from exposure to risk and challenge, and that health and safety rules are too strict. However, 73% of respondents stated that their 5-12 year old child seldom or never engaged in four or more risky activities, and only 14.3% engaged in four or more often or always. While parents agree that their child is likely to benefit from risky play, they do not have the confidence to allow their children to engage in such activities. Future research should address barriers and fears when implementing strategies to facilitate risky play.

Jemeršic´, L., et al. (2019). "The wild boar (Sus scrofa) - victim and ally of the most important viral infections in Europe. / Divlja svinja (Sus scrofa) - zrtva i saveznik najznačajnijih virusnih infekcija u europi." Veterinarska Stanica 50(2): 137-148.
	The wild boar is one of the oldest animal species in Eurasia. Currently, it is spread throughout Europe, Asia, Africa, and was introduced into North America in the 1920s. Due to its great adaptability, hunting ground management, its lack of natural enemies, and favorable climate changes, the wild boar is an animal species whose conservation status is of least concern and which is increasing in numbers. However, it presents a threat to farmers due to the losses caused by it eating and damaging crops. Furthermore, the wild boar is entering the suburbs or even centers of cities, and since it is known that wild boars may be sources of infectious diseases for different animal species, as well as numerous zoonoses, direct and indirect contact may cause interspecies transmission and the spread of viruses. Hunting may also be a risk factor in viral spread, since wild boar hunting is a significant tourist attraction in Europe, including Croatia, and wild boars are a prestigious trophy. Hunted wild boar carcasses and blood may be sources of infection not only for animals but for humans as well. This is a review regarding the role of wild boars as reservoirs of the most important viral infections in the swine industry in Europe, such as African swine fever (ASF), classical swine fever (CSF) and Aujeszky's disease (AD). Even though ASF has never been reported in Croatia, its continuous spread throughout Europe is cause for concern. Currently, the infection is 200 km from Croatia's borders, and early preparedness measures have been taken. CSF has been one of the most devastating diseases in swine production in Croatia. The last outbreak was recorded in 2006-2008. However, surveillance programs are still being implemented to ensure the healthy status of swine and wild boars. AD has been diagnosed in wild boars, and sporadic cases of infection in hunting dogs have occurred in the last decade. Therefore, the infection is still a threat to the swine industry. We have also described the importance of wild boars as reservoirs of hepatitis E (HE), an emerging public health problem and zoonosis. The Croatian Veterinary Institute has been involved in epidemiological studies of HE since 2007. However, a thorough investigation involving the testing of domestic pigs, wild boars and other wild and domestic animal species started in 2009. Currently, the domestic pig and wild boar are the only animal reservoirs of HE in Croatia, but wild boar may be chronically infected and spread the virus for months.

Jennens, H. R., et al. (2013). "Reasons for default from treatment of chronic illnesses in a primary healthcare program in rural Tamil Nadu." Indian Journal of Public Health 57(3): 173-176.
	Chronic illnesses are an increasing cause of morbidity and mortality in rural India. Many patients default from treatment, and exploring their reasons for the same may suggest strategies to improve service accessibility and acceptability. A qualitative study was conducted of 22 patient interviews, six key informant interviews, and two patient focus group discussions for investigating the reasons for default at the KC Patty Primary Health Centre and surrounding villages in Kodaikanal Taluk, Dindigul district, Tamil Nadu. The reasons included money or transport difficulties, frequent travel, feeling healthy, focus on work, fear of scolding from clinic staff, medication side effects, preference for alternative therapy, and depression. Some reasons were only divulged after an extended discussion. Support from families and village-level health workers (VLHWs) were also identified as important. Recommendations include more open and patient communication between health workers and defaulting patients, in addition to recruitment of more VLHWs.

Jennings, W., et al. (2015). "COLLATING LONGITUDINAL DATA ON CRIME, VICTIMIZATION AND SOCIAL ATTITUDES IN ENGLAND AND WALES: A NEW RESOURCE FOR EXPLORING LONG-TERM TRENDS IN CRIME." British Journal of Criminology 55(5): 1005-1015.
	Exploring long-term trends in crime and criminal justice is a multifaceted exercise. This article introduces the construction and methodological benefits of a series of new data sets that amalgamate approximately 30 years of public data on crime, victimization, fear of crime, social and political attitudes with national socio-economic indicators in England and Wales. The data operate at both an aggregate and individual level and will be available for public use (and modification) from autumn 2015. Here, we outline the contours and contents of the data set and highlight the importance of using longitudinal data in exploring theoretical and empirical questions about crime, victimization and social attitudes. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of British Journal of Criminology is the property of Oxford University Press / USA and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Jennissen, C. A., et al. (2015). "The Safety Tips for ATV Riders (STARs) programme: short-term impact of a school-based educational intervention." Injury Prevention 21(3): 166-172.
	Background: Since 1985, one-third of all US all-terrain vehicle (ATV)-related injuries and one-quarter of deaths involved victims &lt;16 years of age. ATV safety education of youth could help reduce these tragedies. Objectives: To assess the efficacy of the Safety Tips for ATV Riders (STARs) school-based programme targeting adolescents. Methods: A survey was anonymously administered before and after the programme to determine demographics, knowledge and reported likelihood of using the information learned. Results: Over 4600 students in 30 Iowa schools participated from November 2010 to April 2013. Initially, 52% knew most ATVs are designed for one rider, 25% knew the recommended vehicle size for their age range and 42% knew riding on Iowa's roads was legal only for agricultural purposes. After the programme, this increased to 92%, 82% and 76%, respectively (p&lt;0.0001 in each case), with 61% of students correct on all three. Better preintervention scores were associated with being males, higher riding frequency and being from isolated rural communities. After the programme, 48% and 32% said they were likely/very likely versus unlikely/very unlikely to use the safety information learned, respectively; younger students, females and infrequent riders reported higher likelihoods. Conclusions: STARs increased short-term ATV safety knowledge and almost half the participants reported they would use the safety information presented. Males and frequent riders seemed more resistant, but some groups that may be more vulnerable to potential ATV crash and injury appeared amenable to the training with higher increases in postprogramme scores and greater intention of improving safety behaviours.

Jerre, K. (2013). "Public Opinion on Appropriate Sentences - which Public, which Opinion?" European Journal on Criminal Policy & Research 19(1): 31-45.
	Since the collapse of the treatment ideology, public opinion has assumed an increasingly central role as a basis for legitimising current crime policy. It is therefore important to be able to capture and describe the public's views on penal sanctions. Assessments of public opinion regarding appropriate sanctioning levels are largely made on the basis of different types of survey. The problems associated with how such surveys should be implemented in order to produce valid results have been discussed at length. The issue of how the results should be presented in order to provide a representative picture of public opinion have more rarely been explicitly problematized however. This article examines the question of how large a proportion, and which segments, of the public are represented in different descriptions of public opinion that can be produced based on survey results. The issue is examined on the basis of a national Swedish postal survey, in which the respondents were asked to state which sanction should be awarded in relation to six crimes described in the form of vignettes. The survey shows that public opinion on appropriate sanctioning levels is very varied. Summarizing public opinion is thus not a straightforward task. Different descriptions that are similarly representative in relation to one another lead to different conclusions as to what public opinion views as appropriate sanctioning levels. Routine references to public opinion are thus quite arbitrary unless those who refer to a certain description of public opinion also justify why this particular description is relevant. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of European Journal on Criminal Policy & Research is the property of Springer Nature and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Jhuma, S., et al. (2013). "Factors affecting outcome in children with snake envenomation: a prospective observational study." Archives of Disease in Childhood 98(8): 596-601.
	Objectives: To evaluate clinical outcome and factors affecting outcome in children with snake envenomation. Design: Prospective observational study. Setting: Paediatric intensive care unit of a tertiary care teaching hospital in India. Patients: We prospectively enrolled children ≤12 years of age admitted to our hospital with a definitive history of snake bite from August 2007 to June 2010. Measurements and Main Results: Demographic characteristics and clinical course of the enrolled children were recorded in a structured proforma and analysed using appropriate statistical methods. Children were treated as per the WHO guidelines (2005) on the management of snake bite in children. Of 110 children studied, 77 (69%) were male. Most (72; 64.2%) had features predominantly of haematotoxic envenomation while 20 (18%) and 18 (16%) children had features of neurotoxic envenomation and local involvement, respectively. 14 children (13%) died and 13 (12%) had major disabilities. On univariable analysis, the following prehospital and admission variables were found to be significantly associated with poor outcome: age, walking for &gt;1 km after the bite, vomiting, haemoglobin ≤10 g/dl at admission and species of snake (cobra). On multivariable analysis, only younger age (adjusted OR 0.85; 95% CI 0.7 to 0.9), walking for &gt;1 km after the bite (adjusted OR 57; 95% CI 4.2 to 782) and haemoglobin ≤10 g/dl at admission (adjusted OR 6; 95% CI 2 to 18.2) remained significant. Conclusions: Younger age at presentation, anaemia (haemoglobin ≤10 g/dl) and distance walked after the bite may be independent predictors of mortality and morbidity in children with snake bite. These features in victims of snake bite warrant early referral to and management in tertiary care centres.

Ji, K., et al. (2013). "Child sexual abuse in China: A meta-analysis of 27 studies." Child Abuse & Neglect 37(9): 613-622.
	Abstract: Objective: To examine whether Chinese studies of child sexual abuse (CSA) in the general population show lower prevalence rates than other international studies, and whether certain features of these studies may help to account for variation in estimates. Methods: A meta-analysis and meta-regression were conducted on 27 studies found in the English and Chinese language peer reviewed journals that involved general populations of students or residents, estimated CSA prior to age 18, and specified rates for males or females individually. Results: Estimates for Chinese females were lower than the international composites. For total CSA for females, the Chinese pooled estimate was 15.3% (95% CI=12.6–18.0) based on the meta-analysis of 24 studies, lower than the international estimate (Stoltenborgh, van IJzendoorn, Euser, & Bakermans-Kranenburg, 2011) but not significantly. For contact CSA for females, the pooled estimate was 9.5% (95% CI=7.5–11.5), based on 16 studies, significantly lower than the international prevalence. For penetrative CSA for females, the pooled estimate was 1% (95% CI=0.7–1.3), based on 15 studies, significantly lower than the international estimate of 15.1%. Chinese men reported significantly less penetrative CSA but significantly more total CSA than international estimates; while contact CSA reported by Chinese and international males appeared to be roughly equivalent. Chinese CSA prevalence estimates were lower in studies from urban areas and non-mainland areas (Hong Kong and Taiwan), and in surveys with larger and probability samples, multiple sites, face-to-face interview method and when using less widely used instruments. Conclusions: The findings to date justify further research into possible cultural and sociological reasons for lower risk of contact and penetrative sexual abuse of girls and less penetrative abuse of boys in China. Future research should examine sociological explanations, including patterns of supervision, sexual socialization and attitudes related to male sexual prowess. Practice implications: The findings suggest that future general population studies in China should use well validated instruments, avoid face-to-face interview formats and be careful to maintain methodological standards when sampling large populations over multiple sites. [Copyright &y& Elsevier]
Copyright of Child Abuse & Neglect is the property of Pergamon Press - An Imprint of Elsevier Science and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Jia, C., et al. (2012). "Longitudinal surveillance of intestinal parasites in Huai'an City from 2007-2011." Occupation and Health 28(19): 2305-2308.
	Objective: To understand the epidemic dynamics and influencing factors of hookworm, roundworm, whipworm, and other intestinal parasites in Huaian City, to master the epidemic rule, to predict epidemic trends, and provide scientific evidence for developing control strategies and evaluation measures. Methods: The Tanchen village was chosen to monitor the epidemic of intestinal parasites infection for 5 consecutive years by using the Kato-Katz thick smear method (Kato-Katz). Infected victims were treated with mebendazole twice a year. Results: In 2007, 1 062 people were surveyed, of whom 33 were identified with hookworm, roundworm, whipworm, pinworm, and ginger insects infections, the overall infection rate was 3.11%. In 2008 it surveyed 1 001 people, of whom 27 were identified with hookworm, roundworm and whipworm infections, the overall infection rate was 2.70%. In 2009 it surveyed 1219 people, of whom 6 were identified with hookworm, roundworm and whipworm infections, the overall infection rate was 0.49%. In 2010 it surveyed 1 116 people, of whom 17 were identified with hookworm, roundworm and whipworm infections, the overall infection rate was 1.52%. In 2011 it surveyed 1 029 people, of whom 10 were identified with hookworm, roundworm and whipworm infections, the overall infection rate was 0.97%. The infection rate decreased by 68.81% in 5 years, and there was significant difference between male and female (χ2=4.50, P&lt;0.05). Intestinal parasitic infections mainly concentrated in the age group of 50-59 years, its infection number occupied 38.33% (23/60) of the total number of cases infection, which was significantly higher than the other age groups. Conclusion: Intestinal parasites infection rate fluctuates under 5% in monitoring points of 5 consecutive years, but there are new infections along with the healing of infected persons, it is important to strengthen population monitoring and propaganda health-related knowledge in order to consolidate the results of control.

Jiten, H., et al. (2012). "Risk factors of undernutrition among women in the reproductive age group of India: an evidence from NFHS-3." American-Eurasian Journal of Scientific Research 7(1): 05-11.
	The developing countries are increasingly characterized by the occurrence of undernutrition. In countries like India, the problem of undernutrition is a burning issue since India's independence. It is a very depressing health problem of today, affecting over half of the country's population and the main victims are the women the reproductive age group. So, studying undernutrition among women and eliminating its risk factors is an extremely serious problem in India. The objective of this study was to access the status of undernutrition and their causal factors among women in the age group of (15-49) years in different states of India, including separated rural and urban areas and for pooled data. To determine the prevalence of undernutrition, anthropometric measure is used which is indicated by Body Mass Index (BMI) and multiple logistic regression analysis has been adopted to access the impact of proposed predictors on undernutrition. The findings revealed that the standard of living and age of the women are the more prominent risk factors of undernutrition among women. However, the other factors, viz., religion, caste and education also have influence on undernutrition.

Johansson, E. M., et al. (2015). "Reduced contextual discrimination following alcohol consumption or MDMA administration in mice." PLoS ONE 10(11): e0142978-e0142978.
	The recreational drugs, alcohol and 3,4-Methylenedioxymethamphetamine (MDMA, "Ecstasy") have both been shown to cause immune activation in vivo, and they are linked to cognitive impairment and anxiety-like behaviors in rodents. The neuronal effects of these drugs in the hippocampal area, an area that has been a focus of studies aiming to explain the mechanisms underlying anxiety related-disorders, remains poorly understood. Therefore we investigated the specific inflammatory impact of alcohol and MDMA on this area of the brain and on a hippocampal-related behavioral task. We centered our study on two inflammatory factors linked to anxiety-related disorders, namely Interleukin-1β (IL-1β) and brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF). We subjected drug-consuming mice to a battery of behavioral tests to evaluate general activity, anxiety-like and depressive-live behaviors. We then introduced them to a contextual fear discrimination task and immune-related effects were examined by immunohistochemical and biochemical studies. Our results suggest that there is a relationship between the induction of immune activated pathways by voluntary alcohol consumption and a high-dose MDMA. Furthermore, the ability of mice to perform a contextual fear discrimination task was impaired by drug consumption and we report long term inflammatory alterations in the hippocampus even several weeks after drug intake. This information will be helpful for discovering new selective drug targets, and to develop treatments and preventive approaches for patients with anxiety-related disorders.

Johnson, B., et al. (2018). "Parents as victims of property crime committed by their adult children with drug problems." International Review of Victimology 24(3): 329-346.
	Parents who are subjected to crime by adult children with drug problems have been neglected in victimological research. We have examined how common it is for parents to fall victim to theft and burglary committed by their children and how the risk varies depending on the parents’ and children’s circumstances. A self-report questionnaire on victimisation was distributed to parents of adult children with drug problems (n = 687). The data were collected by means of a postal survey sent to members of the Swedish organisation Parents Against Drugs (Föräldraföreningen mot narkotika) (n=411) and through an online questionnaire that was disseminated on social media and among treatment facilities and other support associations for family members (n=276). Half (50.7%) of the parents declared that they had at one point or another been victims of theft or burglary committed by their children. The level was higher among older parents, among those whose children had more severe drug problems and among parents of children with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder. Of the respondents, 9.9% had been exposed to property crime during the past year. The level was higher among parents of children who were currently taking drugs, among parents of younger children and among parents whose children were living at home. Parents of adult children with drug problems run a high risk of being subjected to property crime by their children. The risk appears to be mostly related to the children’s drug problems and certain other circumstances pertaining to the children. Further research is needed on the extent and nature of this type of crime and about risk prevention for the parents.

Johnson, E. A. (2011). "Criminal Justice, Coercion And Consent In 'Totalitarian' Society: The Case of National Socialist Germany." British Journal of Criminology 51(3): 599-614.
	Scholars and layman alike have long assumed that the Nazi regime kept the German people in line by employing heavy doses of coercion involving arbitrary justice and lethal repression meted out by dreaded organizations of the Nazi criminal justice system such as the Gestapo and so-called Special Courts. Between the late 1980s and early 2000s, this view was challenged by a number of scholars who gained access to and analysed previously unavailable archival evidence and who became convinced that the Nazis did not rule primarily through coercion; rather, the Nazi regime was popular with most Germans who gave the regime their voluntary consent. Most recently, however, new proponents of the original view of Nazi support based more on coercion than consent have become popular again. This article employs an unprecedented combination of different types of empirical evidence to determine which view best characterizes the support for the Nazi movement during the Third Reich. The main types of evidence employed are quantitative analyses of thousands of archival files generated by policing and court bodies in three Rhineland cities and thousands of written questionnaires involving Jewish and non-Jewish German people who had resided in cities and smaller communities across the Third Reich. Adapted from the source document.

Johnson, E. R., et al. (2016). "Extreme weight-control behaviors and suicide risk among high school students." Journal of School Health 86(4): 281-287.
	BACKGROUND: Suicide is the third leading cause of death for people ages 15-19. Research has established an association across numerous risk factors and suicide, including depression, substance abuse, bullying victimization, and feelings of alienation. However, the connection between disordered eating as manifested in extreme weight-control behaviors (EWCB), and suicidal thoughts, ideation, and attempts among adolescents is less understood. Given the prevalence of adolescent suicide, this investigation examined associations between EWCB and suicide risk among high school students. METHODS: Data were collected from a convenience sample of 4178 students in grades 9-12 attending 5 public high schools using the Youth Risk Behavior Survey (YRBS) questionnaire. Logistic regressions were used to estimate associations between EWCB and suicide controlling for grade level and race, reported separately by sex. RESULTS: Students who reported seriously considering suicide had higher odds of exhibiting all 3 EWCBs [adjusted odds ratio (AOR)(male)=3.0 (confidence interval (CI): 1.4, 6.5); AOR(female)=4.5 (CI: 2.5, 8.3)]. Moreover, students who reported they made plans about suicide were also more likely to exhibit all EWCBs [AOR(male)=3.7 (CI: 1.7, 7.9); AOR(female)=4.2 (CI: 2.3, 7.7)]. CONCLUSIONS: EWCBs were significantly associated with suicide risk, furthering the evidence suggesting a link between disordered eating and suicide. Findings demonstrated the need for school health services that address disordered eating in the effort to reduce adolescent suicide.

Johnson, S. M., et al. (2017). "Reliability and Validity of the Sexual Experiences Survey-Short Forms Victimization and Perpetration." Violence & Victims 32(1): 78-92.
	The Sexual Experiences Survey (SES), the most widely used measure of unwanted sexual experiences, was recently updated (Koss et al., 2007). The purpose of this study was to provide psychometric data on the updated Sexual Experiences Survey-Short Form Perpetration (SES-SFP) and the Sexual Experiences Survey-Short Form Victimization (SES-SFV). Men (n = 136) and women (n = 433) were randomly assigned to in-person or Internet formats of administration for 3 measurement points. Women completed victimization surveys and trauma measures. Men completed perpetration surveys and attitude/ personality measures. Results supported the validity and reliability of both the SES-SFV with women and the SES-SFP with men. Further research is needed regarding the use of the SES-SFV with men and the SES-SFP with women. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Violence & Victims is the property of Springer Publishing Company, Inc. and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Jones, L., et al. (2012). "Prevalence and risk of violence against children with disabilities: a systematic review and meta-analysis of observational studies." Lancet (British edition) 379(9845): 899-907.
	Background: Globally, at least 93 million children have moderate or severe disability. Children with disabilities are thought to have a substantially greater risk of being victims of violence than are their non-disabled peers. Establishment of reliable estimates of the scale of the problem is an essential first step in the development of effective prevention programmes. We therefore undertook a systematic review and meta-analysis to synthesise evidence for the prevalence and risk of violence against children with disabilities. Methods: For this systematic review and meta-analysis, we searched 12 electronic databases to identify cross-sectional, case-control, or cohort studies reported between Jan 1, 1990, and Aug 17, 2010, with estimates of prevalence of violence against children (aged ≤18 years) with disabilities or their risk of being victims of violence compared with children without disabilities. Findings: 17 studies were selected from 10 663 references. Reports of 16 studies provided data suitable for meta-analysis of prevalence and 11 for risk. Pooled prevalence estimates were 26.7% (95% CI 13.8-42.1) for combined violence measures, 20.4% (13.4-28.5) for physical violence, and 13.7% (9.2-18.9) for sexual violence. Odds ratios for pooled risk estimates were 3.68 (2.56-5.29) for combined violence measures, 3.56 (2.80-4.52) for physical violence, and 2.88 (2.24-3.69) for sexual violence. Huge heterogeneity was identified across most estimates (I2&gt;75%). Variations were not consistently explained with meta-regression analysis of the characteristics of the studies. Interpretation The results of this systematic review confirm that children with disabilities are more likely to be victims of violence than are their peers who are not disabled. However, the continued scarcity of robust evidence, due to a lack of well designed research studies, poor standards of measurement of disability and violence, and insufficient assessment of whether violence precedes the development of disability, leaves gaps in knowledge that need to be addressed.

Jones, N. A., et al. (2012). "Dealing with international crimes in post-war Bosnia: A look through the lens of the affected population." European Journal of Criminology 9(5): 553-564.
	Debates about serious human rights violations and international crimes committed in the past appear during times of political transition. New political elites are confronted with fundamental questions of how to seek truth, establish accountability for offenders, provide reparation to victims, promote reconciliation, deal with trauma and build trust. ‘Transitional’ or ‘post-conflict justice’ is most often managed by elites, national and international, while the views and expectations of the local populations are rarely taken into account. Population-based research can yield deep insights into strategies and mechanisms for dealing with the crimes of the past. This paper reports on the major findings of a study in Bosnia and on the factors that may contribute to trust and reconciliation in the country. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of European Journal of Criminology is the property of Sage Publications, Ltd. and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Jones, T., et al. (2011). "Workplace Assaults in Britain: Understanding the Influence of Individual and Workplace Characteristics." British Journal of Criminology 51(1): 159-178.
	Studies based on British Crime Survey (BCS) data suggest that the overall incidence of workplace assault is relatively low. However, these data have a number of limitations. They include only assaults carried out by clients or the public, provide limited information about the individuals involved and their workplaces, and tell us little about perceived causes of violence at work. The 2008 Workplace Behaviour Survey (WBS) presents a more detailed picture than has hitherto been available about the extent and nature of interpersonal assaults at work. This paper discusses in detail the WBS findings regarding the prevalence, frequency and patterns of workplace assaults in Britain. [ABSTRACT FROM PUBLISHER]
Copyright of British Journal of Criminology is the property of Oxford University Press / USA and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Joppa, M. C., et al. (2016). "Pilot Investigation of the Katie Brown Educational Program: a school-community partnership." Journal of School Health 86(4): 288-297.
	BACKGROUND: Schools in the United States are increasingly being urged to address the problem of adolescent dating violence (DV) with their students. Given the limited time available to implement prevention programming during the school day, brief programs are needed. The purpose of this study was to test the efficacy of a widely disseminated, brief community-based DV prevention program in partnership with a nonprofit community agency. METHODS: We conducted a randomized waitlist control trial of a 5-session DV prevention program (active condition) compared to health class as usual (waitlist control condition). Participants were 225 10th-grade students with a recent dating history in a large public school in New England. Surveys were administered at baseline, end of program, and 3 months postintervention. RESULTS: After completing the program, students in the active condition reported significantly lower approval of aggression, healthier dating attitudes, and more DV knowledge. These effects were sustained at 3-month follow-up. In addition, students in the active condition reported significantly less emotional/verbal and total DV perpetration and victimization at 3-month follow-up. CONCLUSIONS: These findings suggest that a brief, community-based DV prevention curriculum can promote change in behaviors, attitudes, and knowledge among high school students.

Joshi, M. P. and S. M. S. W. Childress (2017). "A national survey of attitudes toward intimate partner violence among married women in Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, and Tajikistan: Implications for health prevention and intervention." Social Work in Health Care 56(4): 294-319.
	Attitudes toward intimate partner violence (IPV) can affect the prevalence of IPV, response of victims' to IPV (e.g., whether to seek help), and the response of professionals (e.g., police, social workers, health care professionals) to IPV. Knowledge about IPV-related attitudes is essential for developing effective social work and violence-related programs. Using data from the 2005-2006 Multiple Indicator Cluster Surveys, this study examines attitudes toward IPV and socio-demographic predictors of these attitudes among married women in Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, and Tajikistan. Women were asked whether they approved of a husband beating his wife: if she goes out without telling him, neglects their children, argues, refuses to have sex, and burns food. The prevalence of IPV acceptance for at least one of the five reasons varied from 12.3% in Kazakhstan to 45.3% in Kyrgyzstan and 74.5% in Tajikistan. Women who were less educated, members of Asian ethnic groups, resided in middle-class urban areas, and lived in specific regions were more likely to accept IPV. Few age differences that emerged indicated that young women were more approving of IPV. Proactive efforts are needed to confront attitudes about gender roles and IPV in Tajikistan and Kyrgyzstan.

Junger-Tas, J. (2010). "The Significance of the International Self-report Delinquency Study (ISRD)." European Journal on Criminal Policy & Research 16(2): 71-87.
	The subject of the article is the second ISRD study in which 30 countries participated and collaborated. The article describes the underlying rationale of the ISRD study, its objectives, organization, level of analysis and the way in which different criminological theories are tested. The most important aspects of international comparative self-report surveys are highlighted, such as the need for maximum standardization and for a steering group monitoring the whole process as well as the need for regular workshop meetings of participants. In the last section some illustrations of the study’s findings are presented. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of European Journal on Criminal Policy & Research is the property of Springer Nature and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Kääriäinen, J. (2018). "Attitudes and public punishment preferences: Finnish results of Scandinavian sense of justice research." Journal of Scandinavian Studies in Criminology & Crime Prevention 19(2): 152-169.
	Opinion polls have repeatedly shown that populations favour severe penalties for offenders. However, surveys using a case vignette method, where the attributes of the case described to the respondents are varied, produce more versatile results. Such research gives a nuanced picture of punitive attitudes. In this study, the sentence decisions of laypeople who are informed about the offender’s criminal history, ethnic background, gender, social issues and substance abuse were examined. A representative mail survey collected in Finland as part of Scandinavian sense of justice research was used as empirical data. Respondents were presented with six criminal cases and asked to determine sentences for them. All respondents received the same vignettes, but the background attributes of the offenders varied randomly. This study showed that all the background attributes had a clear connection to the sentence decisions. Considering these results, the idea of a ‘general punitive attitude’, which is commonly used in academic literature, appears to be too simple of a way to look at the relationship between attitudes and punishment decisions. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Journal of Scandinavian Studies in Criminology & Crime Prevention is the property of Routledge and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Kääriäinen, J., et al. (2016). "Does public criticism Erode trust in the police? The case of Jari Aarnio in the Finnish news media and its effects on the public’s attitudes towards the police." Journal of Scandinavian Studies in Criminology & Crime Prevention 17(1): 70-85.
	A significant part of the general public’s observations and image concerning the police comes through the mass media. It has been assumed that one factor affecting the level of trust is the way the media handles the police. This article describes the media uproar that arose in Finland in November 2013 about police misconduct, and its effects on the public trust in the police. Two hypotheses were tested in the study: (a) negative publicity always decreases trust, and so, too, in this case; and (b) a change in trust is affected by the public’s independent interpretation of the publicity battle, in which case criticism might also increase trust. The study materials comprise the news coverage concerning the uproar and four opinion surveys collected after it occurred. The first survey was conducted immediately after the press conference of the case in week 48/2013 and the other ones in three-week intervals. The results show that following the uproar, compared to the earlier results of the European Social Survey, trust in the police did not decrease—on the contrary, it increased slightly. Our results suggest that in this case a large part of the audience has taken, to use the term of Stuart Hall, the oppositional position when interpreting negative news about the police. [ABSTRACT FROM PUBLISHER]
Copyright of Journal of Scandinavian Studies in Criminology & Crime Prevention is the property of Routledge and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Kadir, M. F., et al. (2015). "Ethnopharmacological survey of medicinal plants used by traditional healers and indigenous people in Chittagong Hill Tracts, Bangladesh, for the treatment of snakebite." Evidence-based Complementary and Alternative Medicine 2015: Article ID 871675-Article ID 871675.
	Snakebites are common in tropical countries like Bangladesh where most snakebite victims dwell in rural areas. Among the management options after snakebite in Bangladesh, snake charmers (Ozha in Bengali language) are the first contact following a snakebite for more than 80% of the victims and they are treated mostly with the help of some medicinal plants. Our aim of the study is to compile plants used for the treatment of snakebite occurrence in Bangladesh. The field survey was carried out in a period of almost 3 years. Fieldwork was undertaken in Chittagong Hill Tracts, Bangladesh, including Chittagong, Rangamati, Bandarban, and Khagrachari. Open-ended and semistructured questionnaire was used to interview a total of 110 people including traditional healers and local people. A total of 116 plant species of 48 families were listed. Leaves were the most cited plant part used against snake venom. Most of the reported species were herb in nature and paste mostly used externally is the mode of preparation. The survey represents the preliminary information of certain medicinal plants having neutralizing effects against snake venoms, though further phytochemical investigation, validation, and clinical trials should be conducted before using these plants as an alternative to popular antivenom.

Kadushin, C. (2011). "Social Networks and Jews." Contemporary Jewry 31(1): 55-73.
	This paper reviews the place of social network analysis in Jewish studies. What social networks are and their roots in classic social theories are discussed. The role of Jewish networks in the Diaspora since about 100 BCE is noted, and the few examples of empirical research are referenced. The idea of social circles is presented and their application to cultural circles and especially Jewish situations is discussed. The revival of modern Hebrew literature is a case in point and the network that surrounded Yoseph Brenner, a key figure in that revival during his time in London, is graphed as a sociogram. The relationships depicted, that transcended international boundaries, provided the emotional and financial support without which there would not have been a revival of Hebrew literature. A modern example of the networks of leading power figures in top Jewish organizations in 1995 is shown. Deficiencies of asking "How many of the people you consider to be your closest friends are Jewish?" in surveys are shown. A better alternative, exploring the closest friends, Jewish or non-Jewish is proposed. One of the few Jewish studies using this procedure showed the organizational and institutional embeddedness of Jewish circles and friendships. I conclude by insisting that a list of people is not a network and lists or proportion of friends who are Jewish does little to advance the study of the place of Jews in the modern world and the structure of their institutions. It is possible to do true network studies, but by and large we have not done so.

Kahana, S. Y., et al. (2016). "Structural determinants of antiretroviral therapy use, HIV care attendance, and viral suppression among adolescents and young adults living with HIV." PLoS ONE 11(4): e0151106-e0151106.
	Background: The authors examined associations between structural characteristics and HIV disease management among a geographically diverse sample of behaviorally and perinatally HIV-infected adolescents and young adults in the United States. Methods: The sample included 1891 adolescents and young adults living with HIV (27.8% perinatally infected; 72.2% behaviorally infected) who were linked to care through 20 Adolescent Medicine Trials Network for HIV/AIDS Interventions Units. All completed audio computer-assisted self-interview surveys. Chart abstraction or blood draw provided viral load data. Geographic-level variables were extracted from the United States Census Bureau (e.g., socioeconomic disadvantage, percent of Black and Latino households, percent rural) and Esri Crime (e.g., global crime index) databases as Zip Code Tabulation Areas. AIDSVu data (e.g., prevalence of HIV among youth) were extracted at the county-level. Using HLM v.7, the authors conducted means-as-outcomes random effects multi-level models to examine the association between structural-level and individual-level factors and (1) being on antiretroviral therapy (ART) currently; (2) being on ART for at least 6 months; (3) missed HIV care appointments (not having missed any vs. having missed one or more appointments) over the past 12 months; and (4) viral suppression (defined by the corresponding assay cutoff for the lower limit of viral load at each participating site which denoted nondetectability vs. detectability). Results: Frequencies for the 4 primary outcomes were as follows: current ART use (n=1120, 59.23%); ART use for ≥6 months (n=861, 45.53%); at least one missed HIV care appointment (n=936, 49.50); and viral suppression (n=577, 30.51%). After adjusting for individual-level factors, youth living in more disadvantaged areas (defined by a composite score derived from 2010 Census indicators including percent poverty, percent receiving public assistance, percent of female, single-headed households, percent unemployment, and percent of people with less than a high school degree) were less likely to report current ART use (OR: 0.85, 95% CI: 0.72-1.00, p=.05). Among current ART users, living in more disadvantaged areas was associated with greater likelihood of having used ART for ≥6 months. Participants living in counties with greater HIV prevalence among 13-24 year olds were more likely to report current ART use (OR: 1.32, 95% CI: 1.05-1.65, p=.02), ≥6 months ART use (OR: 1.32, 95% CI: 1.05-1.65, p=.02), and to be virally suppressed (OR: 1.50, 95% CI: 1.20-1.87, p=.001); however, youth in these areas were also more likely to report missed medical appointments (OR: 1.32, 95% CI: 1.07-1.63, p=.008). Conclusions: The findings underscore the multi-level and structural factors associated with ART use, missed HIV care appointments, and viral suppression for adolescents and young adults in the United States. Consideration of these factors is strongly recommended in future intervention, clinical practice, and policy research that seek to understand the contextual influences on individuals' health behaviors.

Kalish, M., et al. (2010). "Outdoor play: a survey of parent's perceptions of their child's safety." Journal of Trauma - Injury, Infection, and Critical Care 69(Suppl. 4): S218-S222.
	Background: Anecdotal reports suggest that parents may be restricting outdoor play in response to a perceived lack of safety and fear of violence and crime in urban environments. The study objective was to determine whether parents who perceived their neighborhood as unsafe would be most likely to restrict their child's outdoor play and report the greatest worries related to neighborhood characteristics. Methods: A convenience sample of primary caregivers of children aged 5 years to 7 years were recruited from a pediatric primary care center based at an urban academic children's hospital. Study participants completed a 23-question survey available in English and Spanish. Results: Two hundred fifty-four parents completed the survey. Most were English speakers (69%), female (89%), and aged between 21 years and 35 years (76%). Sixty-two percent let their child play outside often or sometimes; whereas 19% reported never allowing their child to play outside. Parents were less likely to allow outside play as their degree of worry increased about traffic (p&lt;0.0001), rundown parks (p&lt;0.003), crime (p&lt;0.0001), witnessing violence (p&lt;0.0001), being a victim of violence (p&lt;0.0009), drugs (p&lt;0.0001), gangs (p&lt;0.004), and weapons (p&lt;0.003). Frequency of outdoor play was not correlated with the sex or age of the child or number of children in the family. Spanish speakers were less likely to allow outside play (p&lt;0.008) but more likely to allow unsupervised play (p&lt;0.03). Conclusions: Decreased frequency of outdoor play correlated with increased parental concerns about safety, however, many parents still report allowing outdoor play at least sometimes.

Kapardis, A. (2013). "Juvenile Delinquency and Victimization in Cyprus." European Journal on Criminal Policy & Research 19(2): 171-182.
	Criminological and criminal justice research is a relatively new academic discipline in Cyprus. The current paper first examines and critiques official data on juvenile delinquency in Cyprus. As expected, the findings on delinquency and victimization gathered from self-reported surveys suggest higher rates of delinquency than those based on official statistics. This paper is based for a large part on data obtained from the International Self-reported Delinquency Study (ISRD-2), a national survey of 2385 Cypriot 12-16 year old pupils concerning a number of delinquency risk and protective factors. Those results were compared to the data collected as part of the ISRD-2 in five European Union (EU) member states, which - like Cyprus - joined the EU in 2004. This comparison focuses on data in the capitals of the six countries concerned. Research and delinquency prevention implications are discussed. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of European Journal on Criminal Policy & Research is the property of Springer Nature and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Karriker-Jaffe, K. J. and T. K. Greenfield (2014). "Gender differences in associations of neighbourhood disadvantage with alcohol's harms to others: a cross-sectional study from the USA." Drug and Alcohol Review 33(3): 296-303.
	Introduction and Aims. To examine whether alcohol's harms to others are more prevalent in socioeconomically disadvantaged neighbourhoods and whether men or women are at differential risk in these neighbourhoods. Design and Methods. Cross-sectional survey data from 2000 and 2005 National Alcohol Surveys were linked to geo-referenced indicators of neighbourhood disadvantage from the US 2000 Decennial Census. The pooled sample included 10121 adults (54% female; average age 44.4 years; 69% White; 13% African-American; 13% Hispanic). A dichotomous indicator denoted neighbourhoods based on the top quartile on a five-item measure of disadvantage (alpha=0.90). We examined past-year family problems due to someone else's drinking (marriage difficulties and/or financial trouble) and victimisation by someone who had been drinking (having property vandalised and/or being pushed, hit or assaulted). Results. During the prior 12 months, 6% of women and 3% of men experienced family problems from someone else's drinking, and 4% of women and 7% of men reported being victimised by drinkers. Multivariate logistic regression models adjusting for individual-level socioeconomic status and other demographic characteristics showed the relationship between neighbourhood disadvantage and harms from someone else's drinking was moderated by gender, with significantly higher odds of family problems in disadvantaged neighbourhoods for men but not for women, as well as significantly higher odds of crime victimisation in disadvantaged neighbourhoods for women but not men. Discussion and Conclusions. Experiences of harms from someone else's drinking in disadvantaged neighbourhoods vary for men and women. Targeted intervention strategies are needed to reduce alcohol's harm to others.

Karunanayake, D., et al. (2014). "Twelve years of rabies surveillance in Sri Lanka, 1999-2010." PLoS Neglected Tropical Diseases 8(10): e3205-e3205.
	Background: Rabies is endemic in Sri Lanka, but little is known about the temporal and spatial trends of rabies in this country. Knowing these trends may provide insight into past control efforts and serve as the basis for future control measures. In this study, we analyzed distribution of rabies in humans and animals over a period of 12 years in Sri Lanka. Methods: Accumulated data from 1999 through 2010 compiled by the Department of Rabies Diagnosis and Research, Medical Research Institute (MRI), Colombo, were used in this study. Results: The yearly mean percentage of rabies-positive sample was 62.4% (47.6-75.9%). Three-fourths of the rabies-positive samples were from the Colombo, Gampaha, and Kalutara districts in Western province, followed by Galle in Southern province. A high percentage of the rabies samples were from dogs (85.2%), followed by cats (7.9%), humans (3.8%), wild animals (2.0%), and livestock (1.1%). Among wild animals, mongooses were the main victims followed by civets. The number of suspect human rabies cases decreased gradually in Sri Lanka, although the number of human samples submitted for laboratory confirmation increased. Conclusions: The number of rabid dogs has remained relatively unchanged, but the number of suspect human rabies is decreasing gradually in Sri Lanka. These findings indicate successful use of postexposure prophylaxis (PEP) by animal bite victims and increased rabies awareness. PEP is free of charge and is supplied through government hospitals by the Ministry of Health, Sri Lanka. Our survey shows that most positive samples were received from Western and Southern provinces, possibly because of the ease of transporting samples to the laboratory. Submissions of wild animal and livestock samples should be increased by creating more awareness among the public. Better rabies surveillance will require introduction of molecular methods for detection and the establishment of more regional rabies diagnostic laboratories.

Kasereka, M. C. and M. T. Hawkes (2019). "'The cat that kills people:' community beliefs about Ebola origins and implications for disease control in Eastern Democratic Republic of the Congo." Pathogens and Global Health 113(4): 149-157.
	The current Ebola epidemic in Eastern Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC) has surpassed 1 700 deaths. Social resistance, a major barrier to control efforts, invites exploration of community beliefs around Ebola and its origins. We conducted a mixed-methods study, using four focus group discussions (FGDs) involving 20 participants, and a 19-item survey questionnaire, administered to a nonprobability sample of 286 community members throughout the outbreak zone. FGDs and surveys were conducted between 4 and 17 August 2018. FGDs revealed a widespread rumor early in the epidemic of two twins bewitched by their aunt after eating her cat, who developed bleeding symptoms and triggered the epidemic. However, this myth appeared to dissipate as the epidemic progressed and biomedical transmission became generally accepted. In our survey, 6% of respondents endorsed supernatural origins of Ebola. These respondents were more likely to believe that traditional medicine practitioners can cure Ebola. Wild animals were recognized as sources of Ebola by 53% and FGD participants commented that 'Ebola leaves the forest and hides in the hospital,' recognizing that zoonotic origins gave way to nosocomial transmission as the epidemic progressed. Taken together, our findings suggest that a dynamic syncretism of mythical and biomedical understanding of Ebola may have shaped transmission patterns. Mythical conceptions and fear of contagion may have fueled the 'underground' transmission of Ebola, as patients sought care from traditional healers, who are ill-equipped to deal with a highly contagious biohazard. A deeper understanding of beliefs around Ebola origins may illuminate strategies to engage communities in control efforts.

Kautt, P. (2011). "Public Confidence in the British Police: Negotiating the Signals From Anglo-American Research." International Criminal Justice Review (Sage Publications) 21(4): 353-382.
	Although research on public confidence in the police is rapidly growing in the United States, progress is comparatively slow in the United Kingdom, leaving researchers and policy makers to rely heavily on the U.S. literature base in devising policy. Yet, despite surface similarities, potentially important differences remain, making direct theory and policy transfer between these and other countries tenuous. The current study aims to assess the generalizability and integrate theoretical perspectives from both countries (e.g., Signal Crimes and Negotiated Order), using British Crime Survey (BCS) data from the 2001/02 through 2007/08 sweeps along with a sophisticated analytical strategy to test the derived expectations. The results reveal an intriguing combination of similarities and differences that seem largely to be explained by national context. The risks of theory, research, and policy transfer from the United States to the United Kingdom are highlighted. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of International Criminal Justice Review (Sage Publications) is the property of Sage Publications Inc. and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Kautt, P. and J. Tankebe (2011). "Confidence in the Criminal Justice System in England and Wales: A Test of Ethnic Effects." International Criminal Justice Review (Sage Publications) 21(2): 93-117.
	Ethnic minorities in England and Wales have a long history of difficult relationship with the Criminal Justice System (CJS). Yet, despite the availability of appropriate British Crime Survey (BCS) data, very few studies have examined the views of ethnic minorities of the CJS in England and Wales. Existing British research often oversimplifies the relationship by treating Black Minority Ethnic (BME) groups as interchangeable or failing to assess indirect effects. Moreover, most existing research focuses on public perceptions of the police, neglecting views on the wider CJS. This study remedies these deficiencies by employing recent (2001—2007) BCS data to independently examine the factors associated with views of the CJS for three general ethnicities (Asian, Black, and White). The results indicate that distinct combinations of factors influence respondent assessments of the CJS for each ethnic group. For instance, many perceived area-level disorder problems wield significant influence over views of only some ethnicities but not others. Likewise, level and type of contact with the CJS, such as being arrested versus being the accused in court, wield different impact on respondent perceptions of the CJS depending upon their ethnic group. Such results suggest that the various BME groups not only view the CJS differently from each other but also that a unique array of factors influences those views for each ethnicity. The implications of these findings for policy and research are discussed. [ABSTRACT FROM PUBLISHER]
Copyright of International Criminal Justice Review (Sage Publications) is the property of Sage Publications Inc. and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Kautt, P. M. (2011). "Ethnicity and the British Crime Survey: Issues, Obstacles and Solutions." Howard Journal of Criminal Justice 50(3): 275-288.
	British Crime Survey (BCS) data have been used to examine a broad range of criminological questions. Yet, few studies employ them to examine ethnic variation in criminological experiences (or the factors influencing them), particularly between black and minority ethnicities (BMEs). Perhaps this is because there are several methodological obstacles associated with doing so. This article outlines a number of issues encountered in attempts to assess how BCS-reported experiences and perceptions vary by respondent ethnicity, describing some analytical solutions as well as their limitations. Suggestions for more usefully capturing ethnicity without adding to BCS length are discussed. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Howard Journal of Criminal Justice is the property of Wiley-Blackwell and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Kavle, J. A., et al. (2015). "The rise in stunting in relation to avian influenza and food consumption patterns in Lower Egypt in comparison to Upper Egypt: results from 2005 and 2008 Demographic and Health Surveys." BMC public health 15(285): (25 March 2015)-(2025 March 2015).
	Background: A 2006 avian influenza (AI) outbreak resulted in mass removal of chickens in Lower Egypt, which decreased the household supply of poultry. Poultry, a key animal-source food, contains nutrients critical for child growth. This paper examines determinants of stunting between 2006 and 2008 in children 6 to 59 months of age within the context of the AI outbreak. Methods: The 2005 and 2008 nationally representative Egypt Demographic and Health Surveys (EDHS) were used to analyse anthropometric data from 7,794 children in 2005 and 6,091 children in 2008. Children, 6-59 months of age, with length for age Z-score ≤2 S.D. were categorized as stunted. Predictors of stunting were examined by bivariate and multivariable analyses, focusing on Lower Egypt, where a rise in stunting occurred, and Upper Egypt, where stunting declined. Results: Between 2005 and 2008, Upper Egypt experienced a significant decline in stunting (28.8 to 21.8%, P&lt;0.001). Lower Egypt experienced a significant rise in stunting (16.6 to 31.5%, P&lt;0.001), coinciding with the 2006 AI outbreak. In Lower Egypt (2008), households owning poultry were 41.7% less likely to have a stunted child [aOR 0.58; 95% CI (0.42, 0.81) P=0.002], and 12-47 month old children were 2.12-2.34 times [95% CI (1.39-3.63) P≤0.001] more likely to be stunted than 6-11 month old children. Older children were likely affected by AI, as these children were either in-utero or toddlers in 2006. In Upper Egypt, stunting peaked at 12-23 months [aOR 2.62, 95% CI (1.73-3.96), P&lt;0.001], with lowered risk (22-32%) of stunting in 24-47 month old children [aOR1.65, 95% 1.07-2.53, P=0.022, 24-35 month old] and [aOR 1.57, 95% CI 1.01-2.43, P=0.043 36-47 months old]. A two-fold increase in child consumption of sugary foods between 2005 and 2008 was found in Lower Egypt (24.5% versus 52.7%; P&lt;.001). Conclusions: Decreased dietary diversity, reduced poultry consumption, substitution of nutritious foods with sugary foods paralleled a reduction in household raising of birds, following the AI outbreak in Lower Egypt and not Upper Egypt. Increased feeding of sugary foods due to fear of illness or greater penetration of these foods may be related to stunting. Advice on infant and young child feeding is needed to improve dietary intake and reduce sugary food consumption.

Kaylen, M. T. and W. A. Pridemore (2013). "Social Disorganization and Crime in Rural Communities." British Journal of Criminology 53(5): 905-923.
	While there is considerable empirical evidence that social disorganization is positively associated with crime rates in urban areas, the empirical literature on rural social disorganization and crime faces three crucial limitations: inconsistent results, reliance on official crime statistics and the failure to test the full model. We overcome the two latter limitations via the British Crime Survey. Using data from respondents living in rural areas of 318 postcode sectors, we employed weighted least squares regression to estimate the effects of (1) the exogenous sources of social disorganization on our intervening measures of community organization and (2) all variables on victimization rates. This represents the first test of the full social disorganization model in the literature on rural crime and we find very little support for it. Our results suggest a reassessment of the conclusions drawn about how social disorganization and crime are related in rural communities. [ABSTRACT FROM PUBLISHER]
Copyright of British Journal of Criminology is the property of Oxford University Press / USA and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Kaylen, M. T. and W. A. Pridemore (2015). "Measuring violent victimization: Rural, suburban, and urban police notification and emergency room treatment." Journal of Rural Studies 39: 239-246.
	The goal of this study was to determine the rate at which police are notified of violent victimizations in rural areas, the rate at which victims of violence in rural areas receive emergency room (ER) treatment for their injuries, if these two rates are related to each other, and if these two rates are similar to corresponding rates across rural, suburban, and urban locations. Substantively, these analyses allow us to test arguments suggesting police notification of criminal victimization is lower in rural relative to non-rural areas. Methodologically, these analyses provide insight into patterns of seeking medical treatment for violent victimization. We obtained data from the 1996-2005 United States National Crime Victimization Survey on victims of serious violence who had been injured and sought medical treatment. Variables of interest included police notification, ER treatment, and location type (i.e., rural, suburban, and urban). We used log-linear modeling with iterative proportional fitting to perform Goodness-of-Fit tests for independence of and interactions between the variables. In addition to discovering the rate at which police are notified of these serious violent victimizations in rural areas (74%) and the rate at which the rural victims of violence seek medical treatment in the ER (30%), we found (1) rates of both police notification and ER treatment are independent of location (i.e., they are similar in rural, suburban, and urban areas), (2) police notification and ER treatment are not independent of each other (i.e., they are correlated regardless of location type), and (3) three-way interactions between location type, police notification, and ER treatment. [Copyright Elsevier Ltd.]

Kearney, M., et al. (2019). "Primary prevention of prescription drug misuse among culturally and linguistically diverse suburban communities." Journal of Community Health 44(2): 238-248.
	Comprehensive strategies for prescription drug misuse must reach culturally and linguistically diverse suburban populations to effectively combat the ongoing opioid epidemic. The purpose of this study was to conduct a community needs assessment and inform the development and implementation of culturally appropriate primary prevention strategies for community-based interventions, specifically related to medication disposal practices. Three data collection techniques were utilized: key informant interviews (n=4), intercept surveys (n=71), and focus group discussions (n=8; 61 participants). To accommodate linguistically diverse subpopulations, surveys and focus groups were available in English, Spanish, Arabic, Russian, and Hindi. Participants were overwhelmingly female (survey: 70%/FGD: 84%), ethnic minorities (survey: 61%/FGD: 66%), and, on average, middle-aged [survey: 52 years (SD: 19)/FGD: 54 (15)]. Approximately one in three survey respondents (30%) had heard of drug-take back events, and one in ten (10%) had participated. Non-English speakers were less likely to both perceive a community problem with prescription drugs (β=-.35; p&lt;.001) and be aware of take-back opportunities (β=-.23; p=.038). Focus group participants expressed confusion about appropriate medication disposal methods, identifying potential sources of conflicting information. Recent media coverage and political events have heightened stigma towards non-English speaking and non-native peoples, increasing their fear of law enforcement and other perceived threats. To encourage community engagement in take-back events, we identified multiple ways, such as multilingual materials and marketing campaigns, which may help marginalized suburban subpopulations feel less threatened and more included in prescription drug misuse prevention activities.

Kehn, M. and T. Kroll (2009). "Staying physically active after spinal cord injury: a qualitative exploration of barriers and facilitators to exercise participation." BMC public health 9(168): (1 June 2009)-(2001 June 2009).
	Background: While enhancing physical activity has been an essential goal of public health officials, people with physical impairments such as spinal cord injury (SCI) are more likely to live a sedentary lifestyle. Exercise has been shown to decrease the risk for many of the secondary conditions associated with SCI, including osteoporosis, cardiovascular disease, pressure ulcers, urinary tract infections, diabetes and arthritis, yet this population is rarely a target for health promotion efforts. This paper examines the self-reported exercise experiences of people with SCI using a qualitative-exploratory design. Methods: We enrolled 26 individuals with SCI (15 self-described 'exercisers' and 11 'non-exercisers') from a non-random pool of survey responders. Semi-structured phone interviews were conducted to record participants' experiences with exercise pre/post injury, barriers and facilitators to being active and perceived health impact. Results: Regardless of exercise status, all participants reported physical activity prior to injury and expressed interest in becoming active or maintaining an active lifestyle. Participants identified a range of both motivational and socio-environmental factors that were either facilitating or constraining of such a lifestyle. Non-exercisers identified barriers to exercise, including a perceived low return on physical investment, lack of accessible facilities, unaffordable equipment, no personal assistance and fear of injury. Exercisers identified facilitators, including personal motivation, independence, availability of accessible facilities and personal assistants, fear of health complications, and weight management. Exercisers associated a greater range of specific health benefits with being active than non-exercisers. Conclusion: Despite motivation and interest in being exercise active, people with SCI face many obstacles. Removal of barriers coupled with promotion of facilitating factors, is vital for enhancing opportunities for physical activity and reducing the risk of costly secondary conditions in this population.

Kenu, E., et al. (2018). "Management of dog bites by frontline service providers in primary healthcare facilities in the Greater Accra Region of Ghana, 2014-2015." Infectious Diseases of Poverty 7(18): (28 February 2018)-(2028 February 2018).
	Background: Dog bites are common in developing countries including Ghana, with the victims often being children. Although some breeds of dogs have been identified as being more aggressive than others, all dog bites carry a risk of infection. Immediate and initial assessment of the risk for tetanus and rabies infection with appropriate interventions such as wound management and subsequent selection of prophylactic antibiotics are essential in the management of dog bites. This study examined the management of patients with dog bites by frontline service providers at primary healthcare facilities in the Greater Accra Region, Ghana. Methods: We conducted a cross-sectional study in 66 public health facilities in the Greater Accra Region from July 2014 to April 2015. Up to four frontline service providers were randomly selected to participate from each facility. A structured questionnaire was administered to all consenting participants. Continuous variables were presented as means and standard deviations. The frontline service providers' knowledge was assessed as a discrete variable and values obtained presented as percentages and proportions. The chi-square test of proportions was used to determine any significant associations between the various categories of the frontline service providers and their knowledge about the management of rabies. Results: Regarding the frontline service providers' knowledge about rabies, 57.8% (134/232) were correct in that the rabies virus is the causative agent of rabies, 39.2% (91/232) attributed it to a dog bite, 2.6% (6/232) did not know the cause, and one person (0.4%) attributed it to the herpes virus. Only 15.5% (36/232) knew the incubation period in dogs and the period required to observe for signs of a rabies infection. With respect to the administration of rabies immunoglobulin, 42.2% (98/232) of the frontline service providers did not know how to administer it. Of the facilities visited, 76% (50/66) did not have the rabies vaccines and 44% (102/232) of frontline service providers did not know where to get the rabies vaccines from. Most of the service providers (87.9%; 204/232) had never reported either a dog bite or a suspected case of rabies. Overall, there was gross underreporting of dog bites and suspected rabies cases at public healthcare facilities in the Greater Accra Region of Ghana. Conclusions: In view of the high morbidity and mortality associated with bites from rabid dogs and the poor knowledge and practices of frontline service providers, there is an urgent need for capacity-building such as training in the management of dog bites and subsequent potential rabies infection.

Keyvanara, M., et al. (2013). "Social class status and suicide characteristics: a survey among patients who attempted suicide in Isfahan." Materia Socio Medica 25(1): 56-59.
	Introduction: Suicide is one of the most prominent problems in health care system in current Iran. It could be impacted by various factors such as social, economic, individual and so on. Researchers show that socio-economic factors and suicide has significantly related. The people in low social class may more engage with social problems than higher social class. They may confront to problems such as crime, violence, unemployment, financial hardship, population density, disorder personality, etc. However, these difficulties could be resulted from relationship of inequality socio-economic and mental or physical health. This research attempted to examine social class status and its relationship with parts of suicide characteristics. Methods: This study applied a descriptive approach. In the cross-sectional research 179 patients who attempted suicide and admitted to the toxicology ward of Nour hospital and to the burning ward of Imam Mousa Kazem hospital, in Isfahan, during a period of 6 months in 2010 were recruited. The randomize sampling for patients admitted to toxicology ward and census for burning ward are applied. Data collected through a questionnaire which Chronbagh coefficient's alpha was calculated (r=0/72). Data was analyzed in SPSS software. Findings: The data showed that the majority of patients who attempted suicide were young married women who had diploma and under diploma of level education. They were housewife, engaged in education and unemployment. Finding showed that there are no significant relationships between sex, age, marital status, frequency of attempted suicide and their social class. But there is significant relationship between methods of suicide and social class. Similarly, there are significant relationship between social factors (i.e. family friction, betrothal, unemployment, financial problems and so on) effected on suicide and their social classes. Parts of findings were supported by previous studies.

Khadivzadeh, T. and F. Erfanian (2011). "Comparison of domestic violence during pregnancy with the pre-pregnancy period and its relating factors." Iranian Journal of Obstetrics, Gynecology and Infertility 14(4): 47-56.
	Introduction: Considering the importance of domestic violence and lack of information about the role of pregnancy in its occurrence and variations in its relating factors among societies, this study was conducted to determine and compare the frequency of all types of violence before and during pregnancy and explore its relating factors. Methods: In this descriptive-analytical study, 190 Iranian pregnant women referring to the health centers and labor hospitals of Mashhad in 2004-2005 were selected by sampling method and entered the study. The questionnaire of evaluating violence before and during pregnancy was prepared by deep interviews with 25 pregnant women based on the qualitative study of violence experience and quantitative data were collected by interviews. Data was analyzed by McNemar and Chi-square test, student t-test and -Mann-Whitney test using SPSS 13 software. Results: The overall rate of different types of violence was respectively 82.9% and 64.1% before and during pregnancy. The most common type of violence was sexual (51.6%) during pregnancy and psychological (67.6%) before pregnancy. Violence during pregnancy didn't have any relationship with unwanted pregnancy and demographic characteristics, but showed significant relationship with history of violence in the husband's family (p=.012), marriage without the woman's consent (p=.004), polygamy (p=.006), history of husband's penal conviction (p=.000) and addiction (p=.000). Conclusion: Violence against women is among the most common problems during pregnancy and before it and is important threats to the health of both mother and child and family. Training midwives about the methods of client assessment on domestic violence and its related factors, along with counseling and referring the victims of violence are suggested.

Khalifeh, H., et al. (2013). "Intimate partner violence and socioeconomic deprivation in England: findings from a national cross-sectional survey." American journal of public health 103(3): 462-472.
	Objectives. We examined the prevalence of intimate partner violence (IPV) and its association with social deprivation in England. Methods. We used multivariable logistic regression to investigate IPV correlates among 21226 men and women aged 16 to 59 years in the 2008 nationally representative cross-sectional British Crime Survey. Results. Lifetime IPV was reported by 23.8% of women and 11.5% of men. Physical IPV was reported by 16.8% and 7.0%, respectively; emotional-only IPV was reported by 5.8% and 4.2%, respectively. After adjustment for demographic confounders, lifetime physical IPV experienced by women was associated with social housing tenure (odds ratio [OR]=2.3; 95% confidence interval [CI]=2.0, 2.7), low household income (OR=2.2; 95% CI=1.8, 2.7), poor educational attainment (OR=1.2; 95% CI=1.0, 1.5), low social class (OR=1.5; 95% CI=0.3, 1.7), and living in a multiply deprived area (OR=1.4; 95% CI=1.1, 1.7). Physical IPV experienced by men and emotional IPV experienced by either gender were generally not associated with deprivation factors. Conclusions. Physical and emotional IPV are very common among adults in England. Emotional IPV prevention policies may be appropriate across the social spectrum; those for physical IPV should be particularly accessible to disadvantaged women.

Khan, V., et al. (2014). "A study on dog bite incidence in Union Territory of Dadra & Nagar Haveli, India." Journal of Applied and Natural Science 6(1): 38-40.
	The injuries caused by dog bites have grown to such epidemic proportions that they are now considered a major public health concern. The epidemiology of dog bites in the UT of Dadra & Nagar Haveli has been evaluated, for the year 2012. This assessment included victims age, sex, biting site and season of the year. During the study, a total of 938 dog bites, were reported from aforesaid place. Of all the dog bites reported, 39.6% victim belonged to age group upto 0-15 year (children) and 60.4% were more than 15 years old (adults). The majority of the incidents 40.8% occurred during the pre monsoon period (1-20 weeks). There was no case of rabies. There is a need to educate the public about the magnitude of dog-bite problems, enforce leash laws and impound stray dogs as an integral part of prevention programs.

Khowaja, A. R., et al. (2012). "Parental perceptions surrounding polio and self-reported non-participation in polio supplementary immunization activities in Karachi, Pakistan: a mixed methods study." Bulletin of the World Health Organization 90(11): 822-830.
	Objective: To assess parent's knowledge and perceptions surrounding polio and polio vaccination, self-reported participation in polio supplementary immunization activities (SIAs) targeting children aged &lt;5 years, and reasons for non-participation. Methods: The mixed methods study began with a cross-sectional survey in Karachi, Pakistan. A structured questionnaire was administered to assess parental knowledge of polio and participation in polio SIAs conducted in September and October 2011. Additionally, 30 parents of Pashtun ethnicity (a high-risk group) who refused to vaccinate their children were interviewed in depth to determine why. Descriptive and bivariate analyses by ethnic and socioeconomic group were performed for quantitative data; thematic analysis was conducted for qualitative interviews with Pashtun parents. Findings: Of 1017 parents surveyed, 412 (41%) had never heard of polio; 132 (13%) did not participate in one SIA and 157 (15.4%) did not participate in either SIA. Among non-participants, 34 (21.6%) reported not having been contacted by a vaccinator; 116 (73.9%) reported having refused to participate, and 7 (4.5%) reported that the child was absent from home when the vaccinator visited. Refusals clustered in low-income Pashtun (43/441; 9.8%) and high-income families of any ethnic background (71/153; 46.4%). Low-income Pashtuns were more likely to not have participated in polio SIAs than low-income non-Pashtuns (odds ratio, OR: 7.1; 95% confidence interval, CI: 3.47-14.5). Reasons commonly cited among Pashtuns for refusing vaccination included fear of sterility; lack of faith in the polio vaccine; scepticism about the vaccination programme, and fear that the vaccine might contain religiously forbidden ingredients. Conclusion: In Karachi, interruption of polio transmission requires integrated and participatory community interventions targeting high-risk populations.

Khubchandani, J., et al. (2013). "Providing assistance to the victims of adolescent dating violence: a national assessment of school nurses' practices." Journal of School Health 83(2): 127-136.
	BACKGROUND: This study assessed the perceptions and practices of school nurses regarding adolescent dating violence (ADV). METHODS: The membership list of the National Association of School Nurses was used to identify a national random cross-sectional sample of high school nurses in the United States (N=750). A valid and reliable survey instrument was developed and a 3-wave postal mailing procedure was used to maximize the return rate (57%). RESULTS: Most school nurses (86.4%) reported that they did not have a protocol in their schools to respond to an incident of ADV. The majority of nurses reported that in the past 2 years, training to assist victims of ADV had not been provided to personnel in their schools (88.1%) and their schools did not conduct periodic student surveys that include questions on teen dating abuse behaviors (71.5%). Nurses who had a school protocol for responding to an incident of ADV perceived significantly fewer barriers to assisting victims of ADV and assisted more victims. Over half (55.3%) of high school nurses reported assisting a victim of ADV in the past 2 years. CONCLUSION: Nurses appear to need more training in ADV. In addition, nurses found a number of barriers (eg, lack of training on ADV, lack of time, and lack of private space) to assisting student victims of ADV. Schools need to establish a means for assessing the status of ADV in their student population. Schools also need to provide in-service education for school personnel regarding prevention, assessment, and interdiction of ADV.

Kidd, S. A., et al. (2019). "A national study of Indigenous youth homelessness in Canada." Public Health 176: 163-171.
	Objective: This study was designed to address the need for more detailed information about Indigenous homeless youth, a group overrepresented in the homeless population, using a national-level data set. Study design: The study used a cross-sectional, self-report survey design. Methods: Surveys were used to gather demographic, mental health, and quality of life data from a sample of 1103 Canadian youth accessing homeless services with data collected in 2015. This article focused on the 332 Indigenous respondents, using both comparisons with non-Indigenous youth and within-group comparisons across key domains. Results: These findings suggested greater mental health and addiction challenges among Indigenous homeless youth compared with non-Indigenous respondents as well as evidence of a more problematic role of child protection. Within-group comparisons suggested that female and sexual and gender minority youth are particularly at risk among Indigenous youth with some added child protection and justice implications for reserve-raised youth. Child protection history and street-victimization were particularly relevant to the current distress levels. Conclusion: Overall, such findings reinforce calls for Indigenous-specific interventions for these populations - including policy-driven prevention initiatives to address the legacy of colonization.

Kidman, R. and A. Violari (2018). "Dating violence against HIV-infected youth in South Africa: associations with sexual risk behavior, medication adherence, and mental health." JAIDS, Journal of Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndromes 77(1): 64-71.
	Background: As perinatal HIV-infected youth become sexually active, the potential for onward transmission becomes an increasing concern. In other populations, intimate partner violence (IPV) is a risk factor for HIV acquisition. We build on this critical work by studying the role of IPV in facilitating onward transmission among HIV-infected youth - an important step toward effective intervention. Setting: Soweto, South Africa. Methods: Self-report surveys were completed by 129 perinatal HIV-infected female youth (aged 13-24 years). We calculated the IPV prevalence and used logistic models to capture the association between IPV and health outcomes known to facilitate onward HIV transmission (eg, risky sex, poor medication adherence, depression, and substance abuse). Results: A fifth of perinatal HIV-infected participants reported physical and/or sexual IPV in the past year; one-third reported lifetime IPV. Childhood adversity was common and positively associated with IPV. Past-year physical and/or sexual IPV was positively correlated with high-risk sex [odds ratio (OR)=8.96; 95% confidence interval (CI): 2.78 to 28.90], pregnancy (OR=6.56; 95% CI: 1.91 to 22.54), poor medication adherence to antiretroviral therapy (OR=5.37; 95% CI: 1.37 to 21.08), depression (OR=4.25; 95% CI: 1.64 to 11.00), and substance abuse (OR=4.11; 95% CI: 1.42 to 11.86). Neither past-year nor lifetime IPV was associated with viral load or HIV status disclosure to a partner. Conclusions: We find that IPV may increase risk for onward HIV transmission in perinatal HIV-infected youth by both increasing engagement in risky sexual behaviors and lowering medication adherence. HIV clinics should consider integrating primary IPV prevention interventions, instituting routine IPV screening, and collocating services for victims of violence.

Kiernan, B., et al. (2016). "'There is fear but there is no other work': a preliminary qualitative exploration of the experience of sex workers in eastern Democratic Republic of Congo." Culture, Health & Sexuality 18(3): 237-248.
	Two decades of conflict and insecurity have had a devastating impact on many in the Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC), including marginalised groups such as sex workers. In the province of North Kivu, many residents face desperate conditions that render them vulnerable to exploitation and abuse. As a result, many turn to the sex trade in what can often be described as 'survival sex'. This small-scale qualitative study explores the experience of urban sex workers in the eastern region of the DRC. Sex workers were recruited at their place of business and asked to participate in a semi-structured interview. Eight participants were recruited, including seven women and one man. Our analysis identified several themes: (1) economic hardship as a catalyst for joining the sex trade, (2) significant work-related violence and (3) a paucity of available resources or assistance. Responses to specific prompts indicated that sex workers do not trust law enforcement and there are significant barriers to both medical care and local resources. Further studies of this vulnerable population and its needs are encouraged in order to develop programmes that provide the means to manage the hazards of their work and obtain an alternative source of income.

Kilewer, W. (2013). "The role of neighborhood collective efficacy and fear of crime in socialization of coping with violence in low-income communities." Journal of Community Psychology 41(8): 920-930.
	The influences of public housing, caregiver fear of crime, and collective efficacy on messages caregivers relay to their offspring regarding coping with community and peer violence were examined using a 3-wave prospective design. Caregivers (N=358; 92% African American/Black) living in moderate to high violence areas of a midsized southern city completed face-to-face interviews. Coping suggestions were coded at Wave 3 from audiotaped responses to a vignette measure depicting five neighborhood-based and five school-based situations involving violence or aggression. Path models indicated that residing in public or Section 8 housing was associated with greater fear of crime and lower collective efficacy. Fear of crime was associated with more suggestions to use active coping strategies for neighborhood-based situations involving violence; collective efficacy was associated with messages to use less aggression for school-based situations. These findings extend our understanding of caregiver socialization of coping processes in poor and underresourced neighborhoods.

Kilgour, L. and A. Parker (2013). "Gender, physical activity and fear: women, exercise and the great outdoors." Qualitative Research in Sport, Exercise and Health 5(1): 43-57.
	The discrepancy between the physical activity (PA) participation levels of men and women is well documented. Indeed, in the UK at least, women's levels of inactivity are a serious concern, particularly given the effects of inactivity on long-term health. With recent shifts in the UK public health rhetoric recommending the attainment of daily PA levels via outdoor physical activity modes, such as walking and cycling, this paper seeks to explore the possible implications of such policy change on women's PA participation and, specifically, the potential for gender-related barriers to be reduced. The paper features an empirical analysis of PA participation patterns among a sample of female respondents from a University in the South West of England. Data were collected via survey (n=131, employees, n=57, students: n=74) and follow-up group and individual interviews (n=45, employees: n=25, students: n=20). Findings acknowledge the various and diverse experiences of women with regards to social and cultural aspects of fear and risk and how this shapes PA participation. Specifically, the complex relationships women share with outdoor space are uncovered, and how access to, and patterns of exercise are influenced as a consequence. The paper concludes by reaffirming the need for links between public and personal health, well-being and the environment to be integral to the development of future policy and practice, whilst calling for further research to be carried out with different population groups across more varied geographical landscapes.

Kim, C. (2018). "Involvement in Ethnic Organizations and Community Activism Among Asian Immigrants in the United States." Journal of International Migration and Integration 19(2): 315-338.
	This study examines whether ethnic organization members have a lower likelihood of community activism than multiethnic organization members as predicted by social capital approaches to collective civic engagement. Community activism is measured by whether the respondent has worked with others in his or her community to solve a problem in the last 12 months. Data come from the 2008 National Asian American Survey, and the sample is limited to five major Asian immigrant groups (the Chinese, Asian Indians, Filipinos, Koreans, and the Vietnamese) for group-specific analyses. Findings suggest that membership in ethnic organizations does not necessarily diminish the probability of community activism: For the Chinese and Asian Indians, members of ethnic organizations have a higher probability of community activism than their non-joiner counterparts. Yet, consistent with the prediction of social capital approaches, there is a significant difference in the probability of community activism between members of multiethnic organizations and non-joiners for all ethnic groups, except for the Vietnamese. Nevertheless, findings show that there is no significant difference in the likelihood of community activism between members of ethnic organizations and those of multiethnic organizations for each ethnic group. Thus, data from the 2008 NAAS fail to provide compelling evidence to support the social capital argument that involvement in ethnic organizations has a significantly weaker effect on collective civic engagement than involvement in multiethnic organizations. This paper concludes with a discussion of the implications of these findings.

Kim, J. and S. D. Bushway (2018). "Using Longitudinal Self-Report Data to Study the Age-Crime Relationship." Journal of Quantitative Criminology 34(2): 367-396.
	Objectives: Given the growing reliance on longitudinal self-report data for making causal inferences about crime, it is essential to investigate whether the within-individual change in criminal involvement exists and is not a measurement artifact driven by attrition or survey fatigue—a very real possibility first identified by Lauritsen (Soc Forces 77(1):127-154, <xref>1998</xref>) using the National Youth Survey (NYS). The current study examines whether the same threats to the validity of within-individual change in criminal involvement exist in the National Longitudinal Survey of Youth 1997 cohort (NLSY97).Methods: We first estimate cohort-specific growth curve models of general crime, arrest, and substance use, and then test the difference between the age-crime curves of adjacent cohorts. We take a general approach to test cohort differences in the growth curve models, which advances the existing method separately modeling for each pair of adjacent cohorts. To explore the sources of cohort differences, we also estimate separate growth curve models by individual crime item and by demographic group.Results: We document non-standard cohort differences between the age-crime curves of adjacent cohort pairs that are consistent with the findings of Lauritsen (<xref>1998</xref>) on measures of self-reported offending. However, the size of the cohort effects in the NLSY97 is substantially smaller than those in the NYS. We also found that the cohort effects were only evident in some of the survey items. Moreover, we did not identify any similar cohort issues in the longitudinal measure of arrest.Conclusions: The findings of cohort effects localized in a certain crime items and demographic groups may mitigate concerns over the limited validity of longitudinal self-report data. We discuss how the survey techniques used in the NLSY97 might explain our findings and suggest an area of future study to explicate remaining cohort differences. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Journal of Quantitative Criminology is the property of Springer Nature and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Kim, J. B. and C. E. Ross (2009). "Neighborhood-specific and general social support: which buffers the effect of neighborhood disorder on depression?" Journal of Community Psychology 37(6): 725-736.
	Is neighborhood-specific social support the most effective type of social support for buffering the effect of neighborhood disorder on depression? Matching theory suggests that it is. The authors extend the research on neighborhood disorder and adult depression by showing that individuals who have higher levels of both general and neighborhood-specific social relationships, measured by social support and neighborhood social ties, are less vulnerable to negative effects of neighborhood disorder. Using the Community, Crime, and Health Survey, the authors found that neighborhood disorder's association with depression is lower for people with supportive social ties with neighbors and for people with more general social support. The latter conditional effect is stronger than the former, indicating that support in which the source of support matches the source of strain is not more effective than general support at buffering the effects of neighborhood strain.

King, E. J., et al. (2017). "Motivators and barriers to HIV testing among street-based female sex workers in St. Petersburg, Russia." Global Public Health 12(7): 876-891.
	Female sex workers are particularly susceptible to HIV-infection in Russia. However, a dearth of information exists on their utilisation of HIV services. A mixed-methods, cross-sectional study was conducted to examine motivators and barriers to HIV testing among street-based sex workers in St. Petersburg, Russia. The health belief model was the theoretical framework for the study. Twenty-nine sex workers participated in in-depth interviews, and 139 sex workers completed interviewer-administered surveys between February and September 2009. Barriers to getting an HIV test were fear of learning the results, worrying that other people would think they were sick, and the distance needed to travel to obtain services. Motivators for getting tested were protecting others from infection, wanting to know one's status and getting treatment if diagnosed. Logistic regression analysis demonstrated that knowing people living with HIV [aOR=6.75, 95% CI (1.11, 41.10)] and length of time since start of injection drug use [aOR=0.30, 95% CI (0.09, 0.97)] were significantly associated with recently getting tested. These results are important to consider when developing public health interventions to help female sex workers in Russia learn their HIV status and get linked to care and treatment services if needed.

King, K., et al. (2009). "They said: an analysis of state level sexual and gender harassment data." Criminal Justice Studies 22(3): 281-297.
	Occurrences of sexual harassment are usually studied at the job site level. Yet there is evidence to indicate that sexual harassment occurs in a number of disparate job settings and affects all types of victims. In this research we document the incidence and attributes of sexual harassment in a state level population using four years of a specially devised victimization survey. In this paper we present the findings regarding the victims, offenders, and the nature and prevalence of such harassment in a rural mountain state. We found that for all four years, almost 20% of working people in Idaho experienced some form of sexual or gender harassment each year. Moreover, the rate of that harassment remained somewhat constant throughout the study periods. We also found that young, unmarried women were the most likely victims of sexual or gender harassment in this statewide study. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Criminal Justice Studies is the property of Routledge and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

King, L. L. and K. J. Hanrahan (2015). "University student beliefs about sexual violence in prison: rape myth acceptance, punitiveness, and empathy." Journal of Sexual Aggression 21(2): 179-193.
	Although prison rape has been recognised for years, it began to receive increased attention in the USA following the passage of the Prison Rape Elimination Act (PREA). In addition to prevalence and victimisation estimates, several researchers have examined the attitudes of correctional personnel towards prison rape. However, few have surveyed the opinions of those not currently working in the criminal justice system. Drawing from the body of research on rape myths, our goal was to examine prison rape myth acceptance among a university student sample to describe these beliefs, as well as examine attitudinal correlates. The findings indicated that prison rape-supportive beliefs were evident among a minority of the sample and were predicted by general punitiveness and male and female rape myth acceptance. The acceptance of victim-blaming myths identified in this study warrants further investigation. It is possible that educational efforts would be successful in reducing these rape-supportive beliefs. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Journal of Sexual Aggression is the property of Routledge and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Kinuthia, J., et al. (2015). "A community-based assessment of correlates of facility delivery among HIV-infected women in western Kenya." BMC Pregnancy and Childbirth 15(46): (25 February 2015)-(2025 February 2015).
	Background: Childbirth at health facilities is an important strategy to reduce maternal morbidity and mortality, improve fetal outcomes, and reduce mother-to-child transmission of HIV. Although access to antenatal care in Kenya is high (&gt;90%), less than half of births occur at health facilities. This analysis aims to assess correlates of facility delivery among recently pregnant HIV-infected women participating in a community-based survey, and to determine whether these correlates were unique when compared to HIV-uninfected women from the same region. Methods: Women residing in the Kenya Medical Research Institute/Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Health and Demographic Surveillance System, and who had delivered an infant in the previous year were visited at home in 2011. Consenting mothers answered a questionnaire assessing demographics, place of delivery, utilization of prevention of mother-to-child HIV transmission (PMTCT) services, and stigma indicators. Known HIV-positive women were purposively oversampled. Chi-square tests of proportions and multivariate logistic regression, stratified by HIV status, were performed to assess correlates of facility delivery. Results: Overall, 101 (46.8%) HIV-infected and 127 (39.9%) HIV-uninfected women delivered at health facilities. Among HIV-infected women, cost (42.8%), distance (18.8%) and fear of harsh treatment (15.2%) were primary disincentives for facility delivery; 2.9% noted fear of HIV testing was a disincentive. HIV-infected women who delivered at facilities had higher education (p=0.04) and socioeconomic status (p&lt;0.005), initiated antenatal care (ANC) earlier (4.9 vs. 5.4 months, p=0.016), were more likely to know partner's HIV status (p=0.016), report satisfaction with delivery care (p=0.001) and use antiretrovirals (87.1% vs. 77.4%, p=0.063) compared to those with non-facility delivery. Stigma indicators were not associated with delivery location. Similar cofactors of facility delivery were noted among uninfected women. Conclusions: Utilization of facility delivery remains low in Kenya and poses a challenge to elimination of infant HIV and reduction of peripartum mortality. Cost, distance, and harsh treatment were cited as barriers and these need to be addressed programmatically. HIV-infected women with lower socioeconomic status and those who present late to ANC should be prioritized for interventions to increase facility delivery. Partner involvement may increase use of maternity services and could be enhanced by couples counseling.

Kinyanda, E., et al. (2016). "Intimate partner violence as seen in post-conflict eastern Uganda: prevalence, risk factors and mental health consequences." BMC International Health and Human Rights 16(5): (29 January 2016)-(2029 January 2016).
	Background: Conflict and post-conflict communities in sub-Saharan Africa have a high under recognised problem of intimate partner violence (IPV). Part of the reason for this has been the limited data on IPV from conflict affected sub-Saharan Africa. This paper reports on the prevalence, risk factors and mental health consequences of IPV victimisation in both gender as seen in post-conflict eastern Uganda. Methods: A cross-sectional survey was carried out in two districts of eastern Uganda. The primary outcome of IPV victimisation was assessed using a modified Intimate Partner Violence assessment questionnaire of the American Congress of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists. Results: The prevalence of any form of IPV victimisation (physical and/or sexual and/or psychological IPV) in this study was 43.7% [95% CI, 40.1-47.4%], with no statistically significant difference between the two gender. The factors significantly associated with IPV victimisation were: sub-county (representing ecological factors), poverty, use of alcohol, and physical and sexual war torture experiences. The mental health problems associated with IPV victimisation were probable problem alcohol drinking, attempted suicide and probable major depressive disorder. Conclusion: In post-conflict eastern Uganda, in both gender, war torture was a risk factor for IPV victimisation and IPV victimisation was associated with mental health problems.

Kivisto, A. J., et al. (2015). "North American psychologists’ experiences of stalking, threatening, and harassing behavior: A survey of ABPP diplomates." Professional Psychology: Research and Practice 46(4): 277-286.
	Most psychologists will be confronted by clients who stalk, threaten, or harass them at some point in their career. Despite the predictability of these challenges, most psychologists feel unprepared for managing them based on the training they receive. This study examined (a) the prevalence and types of stalking, threatening, and harassing behavior (STHB) experienced by highly trained North American psychologists (N = 157); (b) differences in the nature and extent of STHB that psychologists practicing in different specialty areas and endorsing different theoretical orientations experience; (c) the types of risk management responses that these experienced clinicians found most (and least) effective; and (d) the personality characteristics of clients who engage in STHB using a clinician-rated standardized measure of personality (SWAP-P). Nearly 3 in 4 psychologists in this sample had been harassed at some point in their career, more than 1 in 5 threatened, and about 1 in 7 stalked. A majority of these highly trained psychologists reported feeling unprepared for these challenges. Results indicate a range of generally effective risk management strategies along with several clinical strategies that appear relatively more likely to make these situations worse. Forensic psychologists experienced STHB at rates nearly twice as high as nonforensic psychologists, and psychologists endorsing a psychodynamic orientation experienced higher rates of STHB than those endorsing a cognitive–behavioral orientation. The implications of these findings are discussed in terms of the need for improved access for psychologists to empirically informed risk management training and recommendations for practice are offered. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2018 APA, all rights reserved)

Kivivuori, J. and V. Salmi (2009). "The Challenge of Special Needs Education in School-Based Delinquency Research." Journal of Scandinavian Studies in Criminology & Crime Prevention 10(1): 2-17.
	In recent years, there has been a marked increase in the number of students who are placed in special needs education (SNE) groups within the school system. Consistent with this international trend, the percentage of Finnish students in SNE groups rose from 2.9% to 7.7% from 1995 to 2006. The inclusion of SNE groups in school-based delinquency research has become a salient issue for methodological adequacy. In the Finnish Self-Report Delinquency Study, which is an indicator system with repeated measurements, SNE groups have been included. In this methodological article, we use the Finnish Self-Report Delinquency Study (FSRD) 2001 sweep to analyse the relevance of that inclusion. First, we analyse the contribution of SNE students to the prevalence and incidence estimates of delinquency. Second, we examine how the inclusion or exclusion of SNE students influences observations of the correlates of delinquent behaviour. The results indicate that the population estimates of the overall delinquency prevalence are not seriously compromised by SNE exclusion. In contrast, incidence estimation is highly susceptible to the inclusion or exclusion of SNE groups. Students placed in SNE have higher prevalence of known risk factors of delinquency, such as disadvantaged social and familial backgrounds. Their inclusion in research appears to have relevance for the analysis of risk factors of delinquency. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Journal of Scandinavian Studies in Criminology & Crime Prevention is the property of Routledge and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Kivivuori, J., et al. (2013). "Supervision mode effects in computerized delinquency surveys at school: Finnish replication of a Swiss experiment." Journal of experimental criminology 9(1): 91-107.
	Objectives: This study provides a Finnish replication of a recent Swiss experiment (Walser and Killias: J Exp Criminol 8:17-28, ) on the supervision mode effects in computerized delinquency surveys in schools. This study supplements the Swiss study by using individual level randomization and two additional outcome variables: meta-questions of response integrity and incidence-counting heuristics. Methods: A total of 924 ninth grade students (15-16 years old) in southern Finland were randomly assigned (at the level of individuals) to supervision either by their teachers or by an external research assistant. Students then responded to an online self-report delinquency survey. Chi-square and t tests were used to compare prevalence levels and means. Results: In both last year and lifetime recall periods, only one offence type (unspecified theft) showed significantly different outcomes, with external supervision yielding a higher prevalence figure. For other offences, no supervision effects were found. When females and males were separately examined, limited evidence of gender-specific supervision effects emerged. Thus, females appear to report more thefts in external supervision while males report more violence in teacher supervision. No statistically significant supervision effects were found in questions probing response integrity and counting heuristics. Conclusion: Using teacher supervision in online self-report delinquency surveys does not appear to compromise the validity of the survey results. The findings thus largely corroborate the results of the earlier Swiss test. How supervision condition interacts with respondent characteristics apart from gender calls for further scrutiny. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Journal of Experimental Criminology is the property of Springer Nature and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Kivivuori, J., et al. (2012). "Gender framing effects in victim surveys." European Journal of Criminology 9(2): 142-158.
	Crime victimization surveys are important sources of trend information and provide data for basic criminological research. In recent years, victim surveys have proliferated and their strengths are well known. The aim of this study is to increase the methodological literature on victim surveys by analysing framing effects, defined as the way the survey instrument communicates its topic and aim, especially in terms of the gendered nature of violence. Three experimental frames were applied to independent, random samples of the adult Finnish population: male-to-male violence frame, female-to-male violence frame, and male-to-female violence frame. The impacts of these frames were analysed in relation to two outcome variables: self-assessed propensity to report hypothetical borderline incidents in a victim survey and reporting of prior personal violent victimization. Thus, we utilized measures of both intended survey reporting behaviour and real survey reporting behaviour. The findings indicate that the male-to-female violence frame increases the willingness of the respondents to report borderline cases to survey researchers, regardless of other factors. It also increases the prevalence of reported prior victimizations. The female-to-male frame has a similar but weaker framing effect. The findings are discussed from the point of view of the 'conversation' paradigm of survey methods research. [Reprinted by permission of Sage Publications, Ltd., copyright holder.]

Kivivuori, J., et al. (2012). "Gender framing effects in victim surveys." European Journal of Criminology 9(2): 142-158.
	Crime victimization surveys are important sources of trend information and provide data for basic criminological research. In recent years, victim surveys have proliferated and their strengths are well known. The aim of this study is to increase the methodological literature on victim surveys by analysing framing effects, defined as the way the survey instrument communicates its topic and aim, especially in terms of the gendered nature of violence. Three experimental frames were applied to independent, random samples of the adult Finnish population: male-to-male violence frame, female-to-male violence frame, and male-to-female violence frame. The impacts of these frames were analysed in relation to two outcome variables: self-assessed propensity to report hypothetical borderline incidents in a victim survey and reporting of prior personal violent victimization. Thus, we utilized measures of both intended survey reporting behaviour and real survey reporting behaviour. The findings indicate that the male-to-female violence frame increases the willingness of the respondents to report borderline cases to survey researchers, regardless of other factors. It also increases the prevalence of reported prior victimizations. The female-to-male frame has a similar but weaker framing effect. The findings are discussed from the point of view of the ‘conversation’ paradigm of survey methods research. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of European Journal of Criminology is the property of Sage Publications, Ltd. and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Kladov, D. Y., et al. (2014). "Morbidity rate in students of lyceum and specialized educational institution." Gigiena i Sanitariya(4): 79-81.
	Comparative analysis of the morbidity rate of students was implemented on the basis of a special educational institution for students who are prone to crime and delinquency and for pupils of the lyceum-boarding school. The analysis showed that the state of health of the surveyed children was characterized by high indices of morbidity rates, the high occurrence of chronic diseases among students and the progressive decrease in the indices of the health. The highest morbidity rates were noted in classes of diseases of the nervous system, digestive system, circulatory system, diseases of the eye and adnexa, and musculoskeletal system. The higher level of incidence of different pathologies in students of the specialized secondary school gives evidence of the possibility of unfavorable prognosis for the future health of adolescents and can refer them to the risk group.

Klasko-Foster, L. B., et al. (2019). "Predicting colonoscopy screening behavior and future screening intentions for African Americans older than 50 years." Behavioral Medicine 45(3): 221-230.
	African Americans experience a disproportionate burden of morbidity and mortality from colorectal cancer, which may be due to low adherence to screening recommendations. Previous studies have found relationships between decision-making factors and screening behavior, but few have looked at both cognitive and affective factors or within a specifically African American sample. To better understand determinants that drive screening behavior, this study examines affective, cognitive, and social variables as predictors of colonoscopy in an age-eligible African American population. Participants completed surveys assessing affective associations with colonoscopy, perceived benefits and barriers, self-efficacy, knowledge, fear of colonoscopy, perceived risk, and colorectal cancer worry and fear. Regression analysis was used to model decision-making constructs as predictors of screening behavior/intentions. Affective, cognitive, and health care experience variables predicted colonoscopy completion and intentions. Provider-level factors and previous cancer screenings predicted prior screening only, but not intentions. Affective and cognitive components of perceived risk were associated with decreased likelihood of colonoscopy behavior, but increased likelihood of colonoscopy intentions. These findings suggest that colonoscopy decision making involves a complex array of both cognitive and affective determinants. This work extends our knowledge of colorectal cancer screening decision making by evaluating the effects of these multiple determinants on screening behavior in an African American sample. Future work exploring the interplay of affect and cognitions as influences on colonoscopy decision making and how health care experiences may moderate this effect is needed to develop effective intervention approaches and reduce screening disparities.

Klausch, T., et al. (2015). "Selection Error in Single- and Mixed Mode Surveys of the Dutch General Population." Journal of the Royal Statistical Society: Series A (Statistics in Society) 178(4): 945-961.
	This study compares the extent of selection error (non-response and coverage error) evoked by the four major contemporary modes of data collection (face to face, telephone, mail and Web) and three sequential mixed mode designs (telephone, mail and Web with face-to-face follow-up) for the case of the Dutch Crime Victimization Survey. Sociodemographic characteristics and target variables from the survey serve as benchmark variables. A special two-wave experimental design allows studying design differences in selection error on Crime Victimization Survey variables independently from differences in measurement error. Despite large differences in response rates, only small or no differences in selection error between the four single-mode designs are found on both types of variable. We observe cases when the error is enlarged or mitigated in the mixed mode designs despite the fact that the designs yielded large response increases. Our results question the use of response rates to motivate the choice of mode and use of mixed mode surveys.

Klausch, T., et al. (2017). "Evaluating Bias of Sequential Mixed-mode Designs Against Benchmark Surveys." Sociological Methods & Research 46(3): 456-489.
	This study evaluated three types of bias—total, measurement, and selection bias (SB)—in three sequential mixed-mode designs of the Dutch Crime Victimization Survey: telephone, mail, and web, where nonrespondents were followed up face-to-face (F2F). In the absence of true scores, all biases were estimated as mode effects against two different types of benchmarks. In the single-mode benchmark (SMB), effects were evaluated against a F2F reference survey. In an alternative analysis, a “hybrid-mode benchmark” (HMB) was used, where effects were evaluated against a mix of the measurements of a web survey and the SB of a F2F survey. A special reinterview design made available additional auxiliary data exploited in estimation for a range of survey variables. Depending on the SMB and HMB perspectives, a telephone, mail, or web design with a F2F follow-up (SMB) or a design involving only mail and/or web but not a F2F follow-up (HMB) is recommended based on the empirical findings. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Sociological Methods & Research is the property of Sage Publications Inc. and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Kleck, G. (2018). "Response Errors in Surveys of Defensive Gun Use: A National Internet Survey Experiment." Crime & Delinquency 64(9): 1119-1142.
	A national Internet survey of a probability sample of 5,550 U.S. adults was used to study possible sources of error in surveys of defensive gun use (DGU). Respondents (Rs) were randomly exposed to variant question wordings, question sequences, and combinations of questions. Rs were 70% more likely to report a victimization when they were instructed to report incidents involving offenders known to them, and 43% more likely to report a victimization if they were instructed to include incidents that resulted in no injury or property loss. Rs were 125% more likely to report DGUs if they were directly asked about DGU than if they were first asked about victimization experiences, then asked about DGU in connection with those experiences. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Crime & Delinquency is the property of Sage Publications Inc. and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Klemenčič, S., et al. (2015). "Annual psychological screening in youth and young adults with type 1 diabetes." Slovenian Journal of Public Health 54(2): 103-111.
	Aim. Youth and young adults with type 1 diabetes are at a great risk for developing depression and diabetes specific distress, therefore, systematic psychological screening is recommended. Routine psychological screening was implemented in Slovene diabetes clinic for children, adolescents and young adults in 2012. One-year results are presented. Methods. Adolescents and young adults (N=159, aged 11 - 25 years), attending the obligatory yearly educational outpatient visit at University Children's Hospital, Ljubljana, Slovenia, were examined using questionnaires measuring depression (depression scale from Slovene version of Trauma Symptom Checklist for Children) and diabetes distress (Diabetes Distress Screening Scale). Six additional items were included to assess the fear of hypoglycemia and family support. Socio-demographic and diabetes-related data were collected. Questionnaires were analyzed by a psychologist, and the patients that scored above cut-off point were invited to an individual psychological assessment. Results. Of the sample, 1.3% reached the threshold for elevated depressive symptoms, and 32.7% reported significant diabetes distress. The need for psychological support from a specialist was expressed by 5.0%. There were statistically significant associations between all psychological variables; moreover, better glycemic control was associated with lower diabetes distress and better family support. Nine patients (5.7%) started with psychological treatment according to the referrals after screening. Conclusions. The results after one year of psychological screening in Slovene type 1 diabetes population displayed small rates of depression and a large proportion of diabetes distress. Only a small percentage of patients attended the offered individual psychological assessment.

Klodnick, V. V., et al. (2014). "Exploring adolescent community violence exposure and posttraumatic stress cross-culturally in Israel." Journal of Community Psychology 42(1): 47-60.
	Adolescent community violence exposure (CVE) has been linked to posttraumatic stress (PTS) and has been found to vary by race and ethnicity. Little is known about the relationship between adolescent CVE and PTS across ethnic groups in an international context. Arab and Jewish high school students (n=1571) in Israel completed self-report questionnaires. Jewish adolescents (n=821) witnessed more community violence, while Arab adolescents (n=750) were more likely to victimized in the community and endorse higher levels of PTS. Ethnicity was found to be a significant predictor of PTS when controlling for CVE using hierarchical multiple regression (accounting for 2% of the variance in PTS). Ethnic affiliation did not moderate the relationship between CVE and PTS. These findings add to the small body of literature exploring cross-cultural differences in CVE and associated psychological distress. Further investigation of CVE and mental health cross-ethnically is warranted given the disparities in CVE and PTS rates.

Knevel, R. J. M., et al. (2015). "Nepalese dental hygiene and dental students' career choice motivation and plans after graduation: a descriptive cross-sectional comparison." BMC Medical Education 15(219): (11 December 2015)-(2011 December 2015).
	Background: This is the first study of its kind to provide data regarding the self-reported career choice motivation and intentions after graduation of dental and dental hygiene students in Nepal. The findings of this study can be used to inform future oral health workforce planning in Nepal. Methods: A cross-sectional survey of dentistry and dental hygiene students attending a large accredited dental college in Kathmandu, Nepal. Quantitative data were analysed using IBM® SPSS® 22. The respondents were given the opportunity to provide clarifying comments to some of the questions. Results: Two hundred questionnaires were distributed, and 171 students completed the anonymous survey (response rate 86%). Working in health care and serving the community were the most important initial motives for career choice, with significantly more dentistry students selecting their degree course because of the possibility to work flexible working hours (p&lt;.001) compared to dental hygiene students. A majority of the students expressed concern about finding a suitable job (58%) after graduation. Almost a quarter (23%) reported intent to seek a job immediately after graduation, while 46% plan further studies. Dentistry students were more likely to report planning further studies (p=.007) compared to the dental hygiene students. Dental hygiene students express a higher interest in going abroad (p=.011) following graduation. Only 10% of all students plan to live or work in rural areas after study. Most common preferred locations to live after graduation are urban (33%) or abroad (38%). Data suggest a preference to combine working in a hospital with working in their own practice (44%) while interest in solely working in their own practice is low (&lt;2%). Conclusion: Many students, though enthusiastic about their profession and expressing the ambition to serve the community, fear unemployment or envision better chances abroad. Most of the students in this study expressed a preference to live in an urban area after graduation. Findings indicate that strong measures are required to incentivise students to consider rural work.

Kobayashi, M., et al. (2015). "Community knowledge, attitudes, and practices regarding Ebola virus disease - five counties, Liberia, September-October, 2014." Morbidity and Mortality Weekly Report 64(26): 714-718.
	This paper reports the results of a survey carried out by CDC epidemiologists who were deployed to Liberia to assess Ebola-related knowledge, attitudes, and practices in the community. The survey was conducted by local trained interviewers in September and October 2014 in five counties in Liberia with varying cumulative incidence of Ebola cases. Survey results revealed that basic awareness of Ebola was high across all surveyed populations (median correct responses = 16 of 17 questions on knowledge of Ebola transmission; range 2-17). Also, knowledge and understanding of Ebola symptoms were incomplete (e.g., 61% of respondents said they would know if they had Ebola symptoms). Finally, certain fears about the disease were present: &gt;90% of respondents indicated a fear of Ebola patients, &gt;40% a fear of cured patients, and &gt;50% a fear of treatment units (expressions of this last fear were greater in counties with lower Ebola incidence). The survey indicated limited knowledge of Ebola symptoms and widespread fear of Ebola treatment units despite awareness of communication messages. Continued efforts are needed to address cultural practices and beliefs to interrupt Ebola transmission.

Kodjebacheva, G., et al. (2015). "Depressive symptoms mediate the association between fear of crime and higher body mass index." American Journal of Health Promotion 30(2): 130-132.
	Purpose. To investigate pathways in the association between fear of crime and obesity. Design. A cross-sectional survey was administered among residents aged 18 years and older across all Census tracts. Setting. Genesee County, Michigan. Subjects. A total of 3192 residents. Measures. Body mass index (BMI) was calculated by using the respondents' reported height and weight. Composite fear-of-crime and depressive symptoms scores were calculated by using several survey items. Analysis. Path analysis examined the effects of fear of crime on BMI. Results. Fear of crime was associated with higher BMI. Depressive symptoms mediated the relationship between fear of crime and BMI (p&lt;.001). Moderate exercise mediated the association between depressive symptoms and BMI (p&lt;.001). Conclusion. Fear of crime was associated with depressive symptoms, which in turn were associated with reduced exercise and subsequently higher BMI.

Koehler, J. A., et al. (2013). "Correctional Treatment Programmes for Young Offenders in Europe: A Survey of Routine Practice." European Journal on Criminal Policy & Research 19(4): 387-400.
	This article presents the results of an international survey of European correctional treatment programmes for young offenders. Questionnaires gathering data on programmes’ design, implementation, structure, and evaluation were collected from 112 programme administrators in 25 European Union countries. Results demonstrated that although there was a commitment to young offender rehabilitation in almost every country, programmes adopted many different approaches and were implemented with varying levels of adherence to evidence-based principles of ‘best practice.’ The majority of programmes adopted a cognitive-behavioural approach, and clinical discretion was prioritised over systematised, empirically validated assessment instruments. Most programmes were administered by centralised government agencies; however, process and outcome evaluation was rare. These findings suggest a strong need for improved systematic evaluation in most European countries. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of European Journal on Criminal Policy & Research is the property of Springer Nature and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Kolachi, H. B., et al. (2015). "Runn of Kachch earthquake: in Tharparkar its environmental and mental health problems; Experience and public health issue then and now." Pakistan Journal of Public Health 5(4): 46-51.
	Background: Earthquakes often occur in volcanic regions and are caused there, both by tectonic faults and by the movement of magma in volcanoes. Series of tremors appear after the main tremor and is termed as aftershocks and always smaller in magnitude than main tremor Aftershocks are smaller earthquakes formed as the crust around the displaced fault plane adjusts to the effects of the main shock. This survey was conducted to know the impact of earth quake on the mental physical and social heath and magnitude of earth quake related morbidity, mortality and economic losses in Tharparkar district after earthquake 2002. Methods: Study was conducted at Taluka Hospital Nagarparkar and EDO Health Office Tharparkar during 26th January 2001 to 26th January 2002. A survey was conducted by distributing questionnaires to Medic and paramedics of affected First care level facilities and referral Care facilities who attended Health Management Workshop organized by Directorate General Health in earthquake affected district of Badin, Umerkot, Mirpurkhas Hyderabad and Thatta and Tharpakar who witness tremor of earthquake and treated patients and survivors. Results: On 26th January 2001 earthquake hit 6 districts including Tharpakar. The earthquake originated in Runn-of-Katch a southern most border of Sindh and Pakistan. Estimated earthquake victims suffered from medical problem, fainting, injuries and deaths injured, deaths. There were 5661 victims who reached or brought to the near by health facilities and were provided medical care out of these 5661 total victims, 1504 (26.5%) were in Tharparkara, in Umerkot district 500(8.83%), in Mirpurkhas 1040(18.37%), in Badiin 1563 (27.60%) this was the highest number of earthquake affectees while in Thatta 504 (8.90%) and in Hyderabad district 545 (9.62%). In a brief the total victims 5661 whose data is reported here further shows that there were 5500(97.15%) victims who had medical problems, 110 (1.94%) were injured, 32 (0.56%) suffer fainting (un-consciousness') and there were 19 (0.33%) deaths due to earthquake injuries. Where Tharparkar and Umerkot had 2 deaths because of soft sand and straw made round roofs light roofs called 'Chura' which protected the people from tremors and injuries. While RCC buildings caused more deaths and more injuries. Conclusion: The study concludes that earthquake caused sicknesses, injuries and deaths more where brick and RCC buildings were present while less damage occurred in Tharpakar where straw and wood made house structure were present.

Kolbe, A. R., et al. (2010). "Mortality, crime and access to basic needs before and after the Haiti earthquake: a random survey of Port-au-Prince households." Medicine, Conflict and Survival 26(4): 281-297.
	On 12 January 2010 an earthquake measuring 7.0 on the Richter Scale struck Haiti, causing unprecedented death, injury and destruction for an event of this magnitude. Our aim was to generate a rapid assessment of the primary consequences for the population of the metropolitan area of Port-au-Prince, the national capital. During the summer of 2009 we conducted a survey of 1,800 households in metropolitan Port-au-Prince. Six weeks after the earthquake, we attempted to trace these households in order to re-interview them. The questionnaire examined mortality and injuries generated by the natural disaster, as well as the character of victimization, food security and living arrangements following the quake. Data analysis incorporated sampling weights and adjusted for clustering within households. The original 2009 survey featured a 90 per cent response rate; in 2010 we re-interviewed 93 per cent of these households. We estimate that 158,679 people in Port-au-Prince (95 per cent CI 136,813-180,545) died during the quake or in the six-week period afterwards owing to injuries or illness. Children were at particular risk for death. In the six weeks after the earthquake, 10,813 people (95 per cent CI 6,726-14,900) were sexually assaulted, the vast majority of whom were female. In the same period 4,645 individuals (95 per cent CI 1,943-7,347) were physically assaulted. Of all households, 18.6 per cent (95 per cent CI 16.6-20.8) were experiencing severe food insecurity six weeks after the earthquake. 24.4 per cent (95 per cent CI 22.1-26.9) of respondents' homes were completely destroyed. Many residents of Port-au-Prince died during or as a result of the earthquake, albeit fewer than were widely reported. More than half of the capital's population experienced moderate to severe food insecurity, though remittances are a major protective factor in promoting food security. Survivors continue to experience high levels of sexual assault and limited access to durable shelter.

Konje, E. T., et al. (2018). "Missed opportunities in antenatal care for improving the health of pregnant women and newborns in Geita district, Northwest Tanzania." BMC Pregnancy and Childbirth 18(394): (23 December 2018)-(2023 December 2018).
	Background: Despite the significant benefits of early detection and management of pregnancy related complications during antenatal care (ANC) visits, not all pregnant women in Tanzania initiate ANC in a timely manner. The primary objectives of this research study in rural communities of Geita district, Northwest Tanzania were: (1) to conduct a population-based study that examined the utilization and availability of ANC services; and (2) to explore the challenges faced by women who visited ANC clinics and barriers to utilization of ANC among pregnant women. Methods: A sequential explanatory mixed method design was utilized. Household surveys that examined antenatal service utilization and availability were conducted in 11 randomly selected wards in Geita district. One thousand, seven hundred and nineteen pregnant women in their 3rd trimester participated in household surveys. It was followed by focus group discussions with community health workers and pregnant women that examined challenges and barriers to ANC. Results: Of the pregnant women who participated, 86.74% attended an ANC clinic at least once; 3.62% initiated ANC in the first trimester; 13.26% had not initiated ANC when they were interviewed in their 3rd trimester. Of the women who had attended ANC at least once, the majority (82.96%) had been checked for HIV status, less than a half (48.36%) were checked for hemoglobin level, and only a minority had been screened for syphilis (6.51%). Among women offered laboratory testing, the prevalence of HIV was 3.88%, syphilis, 18.57%, and anemia, 54.09%. In terms of other preventive measures, 91.01% received a tetanus toxoid vaccination, 76.32%, antimalarial drugs, 65.13%, antihelminthic drugs, and 76.12%, iron supplements at least once. Significant challenges identified by women who visited ANC clinics included lack of male partner involvement, informal regulations imposed by health care providers, perceived poor quality of care, and health care system related factors. Socio-cultural beliefs, fear of HIV testing, poverty and distance from health clinics were reported as barriers to early ANC utilization. Conclusion: Access to effective ANC remains a challenge among women in Geita district. Notably, most women initiated ANC late and early initiation did not guarantee care that could contribute to better pregnancy outcomes.

Koodziejczak, S., et al. (2019). "Domestic violence against seniors in rural areas of West Pomerania, Poland." Annals of Agricultural and Environmental Medicine 26(1): 92-96.
	Introduction and objective: The study on domestic violence in rural areas of Western Pomerania (Poland), carried out in October 2017, aimed at determining the scale of domestic violence against the elderly, taking into account its 5 forms: psychological, physical, economic and sexual violence, as well as negligence. Material and methods: The research concept was implemented with the use of a representative sampling method by means of a questionnaire-based audit interview, and using research tools to measure the social scale of the phenomenon of domestic violence, the victims of which were the elderly from one of the rural communes of Western Pomerania. Results: The basic results of the survey were as follows: (1) 40.1% of seniors reported experiencing violence from their family members; (2) 36.5% experienced psychological violence and 21.9% - negligence; (3) 8.8% were victims of economic violence and 5.1% - of physical violence; (4) sexual abuse was the least frequently reported - 0.7%. Conclusions: Domestic violence in rural areas could affect as many as 40% of seniors. Generally, they admitted to experiencing one of the 5 forms of violence distinguished in the study, of which acts of psychological violence were predominant. Negligence and economic violence were relatively less frequent. Physical violence was even less prevalent. On the other hand, 8.1% of seniors experienced 3-4 forms of violence, which could be considered as a situation of increased risk of pathologisation of their family life.

Kopak, A. M. and K. Kulick (2017). "Mental health, substance use, and offending patterns among Native American youth in juvenile detention." Journal of Ethnicity in Criminal Justice 15(3): 251-269.
	Research has shown that youthful offenders in the juvenile justice system report an array of substance use and emotional and other mental health needs. The current study closely examined these issues in a large national sample (n= 539) of Native American youth drawn from the Survey of Youth in Residential Placement. Results demonstrated that frequent substance use was associated with the likelihood of being detained for a drug offense, while emotional and mental health needs were associated with detention for the most serious offenses. These results highlight the need for comprehensive substance use and other mental health assessments for Native American youth in the juvenile justice system. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Journal of Ethnicity in Criminal Justice is the property of Taylor & Francis Ltd and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Kopak, A. M. and S. L. Proctor (2016). "Acute and Chronic Effects of Substance Use as Predictors of Criminal Offense Types Among Juvenile Offenders." Journal of Juvenile Justice 5(1): 50-64.
	Our understanding of the relationships between substance use and offending generally includes the findings that alcohol use is correlated with violent crime and drug use is typically related to certain drug offenses (e.g., possession). However, most of the research underlying current knowledge has focused on adults, and few if any studies specify types of offenses. The current study was designed to fill the apparent gaps in the research literature by utilizing data from the Survey of Youth in Residential Placement in a more detailed examination of the complex relationships between acute and chronic effects of alcohol use, drug use, and offense type among juvenile offenders. Multinomial logistic regressions indicate that acute effects (i.e., being under the influence of drugs or a combination of alcohol and drugs) are most likely to be associated with detention for drug offenses. Chronic effects, including frequency of alcohol use and substance- related problems, are significantly more likely to be associated with detention for violent offenses (i.e., robbery, assault with a weapon, murder, rape, or kidnapping) relative to drug offenses. These results have important implications for the assessment and treatment of substance use among juvenile offenders detained for both drug-related and violent offenses. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Journal of Juvenile Justice is the property of CSR Incorporated and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Koper, C. S., et al. (2013). "Gun violence prevention practices among local police in the United States." Policing: An International Journal 36(3): 577-603.
	Purpose – The purpose of the study is to examine gun violence prevention practices among urban police in the USA, assessing their scope, effectiveness, limitations, and impacts. Design/methodology/approach – A national survey was conducted with police agencies serving cities of 100,000 or more people. Findings – Strategies used most frequently and rated as most effective include targeted efforts focussed on high-risk places and groups, as well as multi-agency problem-solving efforts, particularly those involving federal authorities. However, most agencies make limited use of proactive strategies to reduce gun crime, and there are substantial gaps in the enforcement of many gun laws. Results also suggest that gun crime is lower in places where police engage in more intensive gun-related enforcement and prevention efforts. Research limitations/implications – The survey focussed only on large US cities. Implementation of the strategies could not be examined in detail, and assessments of the effectiveness of strategies reflect the views of practitioners. There is a need for more in-depth research on gun-related enforcement and prevention practices, their effectiveness, and the organizational and environmental factors that facilitate or hinder them. Practical implications – The study highlights strategies that should be given priority consideration in policy decisions. The findings also suggest that police efforts to address gun crime can be enhanced considerably – and that doing so may produce demonstrable reductions in gun crime. Further examination of policy changes necessary to facilitate these efforts is warranted. Originality/value – This study represents the first national survey of gun violence reduction efforts by police in the USA. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Policing: An International Journal is the property of Emerald Publishing and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Koton, S., et al. (2010). "Mortality and predictors of death 1 month and 3 years after first-ever ischemic stroke: data from the first National Acute Stroke Israeli Survey (NASIS 2004)." Neuroepidemiology 34(2): 90-96.
	Background: Despite declining age-adjusted stroke mortality rates, the disease remains the third most common cause of death in Israel. Based on a national survey, we examined mortality rates during the first 3 years after a first-ever acute ischemic stroke (IS) and the major predictors of short-term (1 month) and long-term (3 years) mortality. Methods: In the National Acute Stroke Israeli Survey (NASIS 2004), data were collected on all hospitalized stroke patients in Israel during a 2-month period. Mortality rates for first-ever IS were assessed at 1 month and 3 years and predictors of death were evaluated using the Cox proportional hazard model. Results: A total of 1,079 first-ever IS patients were included. Survival data were complete for over 99% of patients. Cumulative mortality rates were 9.9% at 1 month and 31.1% at 3 years. Of the survivors at 1 month, 23.5% did not survive for 3 years. At 1 month, the hazard ratio (HR) for death significantly increased with stroke severity. One-month mortality was also associated with a decreased level of consciousness (HR 2.9, 95% CI 1.7-5.1), total anterior circulation infarction (TACI); (HR 4.9, 95% CI 1.6-15.2), temperature on admission (HR 1.5, 95% CI 1.1-2.1 per 1°C), age (HR 1.04, 95% CI 1.02-1.07 per year) and glucose levels on admission (HR 1.003, 95% CI 1.001-1.006 per 1 mg/dl). Age-adjusted proportions of diabetes and chronic heart failure were considerably higher in the deceased compared with survivors at 3 years (48 vs. 38 and 21 vs. 9%, respectively). In the multivariate survival analyses, predictors of death at 1 month also predicted death at 3 years; however, history of dementia (HR 1.5, 95% CI 1.0-2.4), diabetes (HR 1.6, 95% CI 1.0-2.4), peripheral artery disease (HR 1.7, 95% CI 1.1-2.8), chronic heart failure (HR 1.6, 95% CI 1.1-2.4) and malignancy (HR 1.7, 95% CI 1.1-2.7) were additional predictors of long-term mortality for patients surviving the first month after stroke. Conclusions: Approximately one third of patients did not survive 3 years after the first-ever IS. While age and markers of severe stroke were the major predictors of death at 1 month, comorbidities and variables associated with atherosclerotic vascular disease predicted long-term mortality. Improved control of these factors can potentially reduce long-term mortality in stroke victims.

Kowalczyk-Kustra, O., et al. (2015). "Assessment of the impact of parent's dental experience and emotions on his care about the child in terms of dental visits. / Wpyw doświadczen´ i emocji stomatologicznych rodzica na sposób ksztatowania postawy stomatologicznej dziecka." Nowa Stomatologia 20(2): 47-52.
	Introduction. Emotions connected to parents dental experience have an impact on childs treatment. Exploring the connections between parents experience and its attitude to childs treatment is required. It is important in planning treatment and creating patient-doctor relationship. Aim. Assess the impact of parents experience and his anxiety before a dentist on childs dental treatment. Material and methods. Survey was conducted among 98 parents of preschoolaged children from Mazowieckie district. It consisted of closed questions with a five-point answers scale. Results. Emotions connected to parents dental experience affect the level of his dental solicitude about the child. The relationship between parent experience and his knowledge of dentistry and the affection of childhood-related experience of dentistry influence the frequency of cleaning teeth by parents. The negative parents behavior to a child in terms of visiting the dentist creates childs fear of the treatment. Parents presence during childs examination reduces his anxiety. There is a relationship between the attention paid to the aesthetic presence of teeth and a willingness to set up the camera. The chance that child will apply to dentists recommendations is higher when his parent does. Conclusions. Parents emotions determine his care on childs dental treatment. His dental experience determines childs and own dental treatment. Knowledge about dental treatment parent has increases parents care about childs treatment. Parents positive dental treatment emotions influence care he shows towards the child. Childhood memories about the dentist influence the frequency of brushing teeth.

Krahé, B. and A. Berger (2013). "Men and women as perpetrators and victims of sexual aggression in heterosexual and same-sex encounters: a study of first-year college students in Germany." Aggressive Behavior 39(5): 391-404.
	This study examined the prevalence of sexual aggression and victimization in a large convenience sample of N=2,149 first-year college students from different universities in Germany. Participants were asked about both victimization by, and perpetration of, sexual aggression since the age of 14. Both same-sex and heterosexual victim-perpetrator constellations were examined. Prevalence rates were established for different victim-perpetrator relationships (partners, acquaintances, strangers) and for incidents involving alcohol consumption by one or both partners. The overall perpetration rate was 13.2%, for men and 7.6% for women. The overall victimization rate was 35.9% for women and 19.4% for men. A disparity between victimization and perpetration reports was found for both men and women. Perpetration and victimization rates were highest among participants who had sexual contacts with both opposite-sex and same-sex partners. Sexual aggression and victimization rates were higher between current or former partners and acquaintances than between strangers. Alcohol consumption by one or both partners was involved in almost 75% of all victimization and almost 70% of all perpetration incidents. The findings portray a comprehensive picture of the scale of sexual aggression and victimization in college students with different sexual lifestyles.

Krahé, B., et al. (2016). "Interpreting Survey Questions About Sexual Aggression in Cross-Cultural Research: A Qualitative Study with Young Adults from Nine European Countries." Sexuality & Culture 20(1): 1-23.
	Examining equivalence in the interpretation of survey items on sexual assault by participants from different cultures is an important step toward building a valid international knowledge base about the prevalence of sexual aggression among young adults. Referring to the theoretical framework of contextualism, this study presents qualitative data from semi-structured interviews with 128 young adults from nine EU countries on their understanding of survey items from the Sexual Aggression and Victimization Scale (SAV-S). The measure had previously been used to collect quantitative data on the prevalence of sexual aggression perpetration and victimization in the same countries that had yielded substantial differences in the rates of victimization and perpetration between countries. Based on the methodological approach of a mixed research design, the current study was conducted as a follow-up to the quantitative study with a new sample to explore whether systematic differences in the interpretation of the survey items in the different countries might explain part of the variation in prevalence rates. The interviews showed that participants from the nine countries interpreted the items of the SAV-S in a similar way and as intended by the authors of the scale. Systematic differences between men and women in interpreting the survey items were revealed. Implications of the findings for conducting survey research on sexual aggression across cultures are discussed.

Kramer, M. R., et al. (2016). "Geography of adolescent obesity in the U.S., 2007-2011." American Journal of Preventive Medicine 51(6): 898-909.
	Introduction: Obesity remains a significant threat to the current and long-term health of U.S. adolescents. The authors developed county-level estimates of adolescent obesity for the contiguous U.S., and then explored the association between 23 conceptually derived area-based correlates of adolescent obesity and ecologic obesity prevalence. Methods: Multilevel small area regression methods applied to the 2007 and 2011-2012 National Survey of Children's Health produced county-level obesity prevalence estimates for children aged 10-17 years. Exploratory multivariable Bayesian regression estimated the cross-sectional association between nutrition, activity, and macrosocial characteristics of counties and states, and county-level obesity prevalence. All analyses were conducted in 2015. Results: Adolescent obesity varies geographically with clusters of high prevalence in the Deep South and Southern Appalachian regions. Geographic disparities and clustering in observed data are largely explained by hypothesized area-based variables. In adjusted models, activity environment, but not nutrition environment variables were associated with county-level obesity prevalence. County violent crime was associated with higher obesity, whereas recreational facility density was associated with lower obesity. Measures of the macrosocial and relational domain, including community SES, community health, and social marginalization, were the strongest correlates of county-level obesity. Conclusions: County-level estimates of adolescent obesity demonstrate notable geographic disparities, which are largely explained by conceptually derived area-based contextual measures. This ecologic exploratory study highlights the importance of taking a multidimensional approach to understanding the social and community context in which adolescents make obesity-relevant behavioral choices.

Kreuter, M. W., et al. (2012). "Small media and client reminders for colorectal cancer screening: current use and gap areas in CDC's colorectal cancer control program." Preventing Chronic Disease 9(7): E131-E131.
	Introduction: CDC's Colorectal Cancer Control Program (CRCCP) funds 25 states and 4 tribal organizations to promote and increase colorectal cancer screening population-wide. The CRCCP grantees must use evidence-based strategies from the Guide to Community Preventive Services, including small media and client reminders. Methods: To assess the existing resources and needs to promote colorectal cancer screening, we conducted 2 web-based surveys of CRCCP grantees and their community partners. Survey 1 sought to identify priority populations, the number and quality of existing colorectal cancer resources for different population subgroups, and the types of small media and client reminder they were most interested in using. Survey 2 assessed screening messages that were used in the past or might be used in the future, needs for non-English-language information, and preferences for screening-related terminology. Results: In survey 1 (n=125 from 26 CRCCPs), most respondents (83%) indicated they currently had some information resources for promoting screening but were widely dissatisfied with the quality and number of these resources. They reported the greatest need for resources targeting rural populations (62% of respondents), men (53%), and Hispanics (45%). In survey 2 (n=57 from 25 CRCCPs), respondents indicated they were most likely to promote colorectal cancer screening using messages that emphasized family (95%), role models (85%), or busy lives (83%), and least likely to use messages based on faith (26%), embarrassment (25%), or fear (22%). Nearly all (85%) indicated a need for resources in languages other than English; 16 different languages were mentioned, most commonly Spanish. Conclusion: These findings provide the first picture of CRCCP information resources and interests, and point to specific gaps that must be addressed to help increase screening.

Krishnamurthy, J., et al. (2019). "Designing a comprehensive Non-Communicable Diseases (NCD) programme for hypertension and diabetes at primary health care level: evidence and experience from urban Karnataka, South India." BMC public health 19(409): (16 A-(16 A.
	Background: India accounts for more than two-third of mortality due to non-communicable diseases (NCDs) in south-east Asia. The burden is high in Karnataka, one of the largest states in southern India. There is a need for integration of disease prevention, health promotion, treatment and care within the national program at primary level. A public-private partnership initiative explored evidence gaps to inform a health system based, integrated NCD programme across care continuum with a focus on hypertension and diabetes. Methods: The study was conducted during 2017-18 in urban parts of Mysore city, covering a population of 58,000. Mixed methods were used in the study; a population-based screening to estimate denominators for those with disease and at risk; cross-sectional surveys to understand distribution of risk factors, treatment adherence and out of pocket expenses; facility audits to assess readiness of public and private facilities; in-depth interviews and focus group discussions to understand practices, myths and perceptions in the community. Chi-square tests were used to test differences between the groups. Framework analysis approach was used for qualitative analysis. Results: Twelve and 19% of the adult population had raised blood sugar and blood pressure, respectively, which increased with age, to 32 and 44% for over 50 years. 11% reported tobacco consumption; 5.5%, high alcohol consumption; 40%, inadequate physical activity and 81%, inappropriate diet consumption. These correlated strongly with elderly age and poor education. The public facilities lacked diagnostics and specialist services; care in the private sector was expensive. Qualitative data revealed fears and cultural myths that affected treatment adherence. The results informed intervention design across the NCD care continuum. Conclusions: The study provides tools and methodology to gather evidence in designing comprehensive NCD programmes in low and middle income settings. The study also provides important insights into public-private partnership driving effective NCD care at primary care level.

Kristensen, K. and A. Möller (2017). "Development of Pict-O-Stat: violence – focus on experiences of violence and a survey that can be completed by the individuals themselves." Journal of Adult Protection 19(3): 146-157.
	Purpose The purpose of this paper is to find a method that makes it possible for people with intellectual disabilities to independently contribute to population-based research in areas that is sensitive. It is important to be able to answer questionnaires independently in research areas that are sensitive because the informant maybe does not want to ask for help to answer a questionnaire about sexual violence, domestic violence, etc. Maybe they not even have talked to anyone about their experiences and then have to tell a staff/relative that helps them to complete the survey is probably unthinkable.Design/methodology/approach To participate in a survey about sensitive issues independently the questions and the methods have to be adapted to the informant’s skills and needs. The questions written in “difficult Swedish” were transcribed into simple language and then tested whether the target group understood the words that describe violent acts. After adjustments another small group tested the method, an Audio Computer-Assisted Self-Interview (ACASI). After they had completed the survey informants were interviewed about what it was like to participate in the survey.Findings Preliminary results show that it is possible to independently answer population-based questionnaires, even about sensitive issues, if the researcher offers the possibility to use a web-based ACASI. An ACASI can be used on accessible computers and tablets and can have the same questions that only have to be translated into both easy language and alternative format, such as questions with both text and images and listen to the questions read.Originality/value Researchers can include people with intellectual disabilities, they just need to give them a chance. It is possible if they translate their questions into an easy language and include alternative format, i.e. using both text and images and be able to listen to the questions and answers, by, for example, using a web-based ACASI. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Journal of Adult Protection is the property of Emerald Publishing and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Kumar, D. S. S. (2014). "Analysis of road traffic accidents in Kurnool city." International Journal of Medical and Health Sciences 3(1): 35-39.
	Background: In road traffic, risk is a function of four elements. The main risk factors for road traffic injuries are - Factors influencing exposure to risk, Risk factors influencing crash involvement, Risk factors influencing crash severity, Risk factors influencing severity of post-crash injuries and Lack of appropriate care in the hospital emergency room. Materials & Methods: Information regarding the Road traffic accident and the accident victims is collected from casualty department of GGH, Kurnool. Data of accidents for a period of one year is collected to study the patterns of accidents. Results: During the study period of one year 808 accidents occurred. Men are more involved in comparison to women with men to women ratio of 4.78. People in the age group 20-39 yrs are the most affected. 34.4% accidents occurred when the victim was travelling on a motorcycle. 66.7% of accidents occurred in between 8 am and 8 pm. Conclusions: Majority of accidents occurred in the day while fatal accidents are more during the nights. Young people are the most affected with men to women ratio of around five. People travelling by motorized two wheelers are majority of the victims of road traffic accidents.

Kunz, F. and V. Grundies (2011). "Zur Messung von Norminternalisierung und Delinquenzbereitschaft in Befragungen." The Survey Measurement of Norm Internalization and Criminal Behavioral Intention. 94(5): 345-363.
	Both the degree of norm internalization and the criminal behavioral intention of individuals are core variables used to explain crime. Hence, information on both variables has been collected by numerous empirical studies. This paper reports on the results of a methodological experiment that investigates the impact of the question context on norm internalization and criminal behavioral intention responses with respect to shoplifting and insurance fraud. The analyses suggest that context influences on the degree of norm internalization are smaller when respondents possess more relevant and better accessible cognitive information. With regard to the intention to commit a criminal act, context information is not taken into account, if the criminal behavioral intention is very low with a very strongly internalized norm. In turn, if norms are less strongly internalized, the criminal behavioral intention is influenced by cognitive stimuli activated through preceding questions. Context effects on norm internalization or criminal behavioral intention significantly weaken the correlation between both the variables as compared to the correlation of unaffected responses. Methodological implications of the results are discussed. (English) [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Die Norminternalisierung und Delinquenzbereitschaft von Individuen sind für die empirische Über-prüfung theoretischer Erklãrungsmodelle kriminellen Handeins von großer Bedeutung und werden deshaib innerhaib von Befragungen oftmals gemeinsam erhoben und analysiert. Der Beitrag berichtct Ergebnisse eines Methodenexperiments, das anhand der Delikttypen Ladendiebstahi und Versicherungsbetrug untersucht, inwiefern der Fragekontext die Antworten der Respondenten auf Fragen zur Norminternalisierung und Delinquenzbereitschaft beeinflusst. Die Analysen lassen vermuten, dass Einflüsse des Kontexts auf Angaben zur Norminternalisierung umso geringer ausfallen, je mehr und besser abrufbare relevante Informationen seitens der Befragten kognitiv verfügbar sind. Bei der Angabe der Delinquenzbereitschaft bleiben Kontextinformationen unberücksichtigt, sofern die Delinquenzbereitschaft in Verbindung mit einer stark verinnerlichten Norm von vornherein em sehr geringes Niveau aufweist. Wenn Normen weniger stark verinnerlicht sind, wird der Fragekontext in die Generierung einer Angabe zur Delinquenzbereitschaft einbezogen. Sobald die Norminternalisierung oder Delinquenzbereitschaft vom Kontext beeinflusst wird, verringert sich die Stãrke des Zusammenhangs beider Variablen im Vergleich zur Korrelation unbeeinflusster Angaben gravierend. Methodologische Implikationen der Ergebnisse werden benannt. (German) [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Monatsschrift fuer Kriminologie und Strafrechtsreform is the property of De Gruyter and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Kuo, S.-Y. and Y.-C. Shih (2018). "An Evaluation of a Community-Oriented Policing Program in Taiwan." International Journal of Offender Therapy & Comparative Criminology 62(7): 2016-2044.
	This study was conducted to evaluate the effect of a community-oriented policing (COP) by documenting results for 16 quantitative outcome variables, including crime incidents, crime clearance, residents’ subjective feelings regarding police performance and community safety, and job satisfaction among police officers. The statistical techniques used to analyze the data involved ARIMA interrupted time series, t tests, the Wilcoxon paired signed-rank test, and Pearson’s correlation. The quantitative results observed indicated that the program had a positive effect on resident’s perceptions for some police performance outcomes and for job satisfaction among police officers. However, there was only a minimal program effect on crime occurrence, crime clearance, and residents’ perceptions of crime. Using a combination of review of prior research and qualitative interview data collected from 10 local stakeholders, we provided insightful informed actor-based and temporal contextual explanations for the unexpected quantitative findings. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of International Journal of Offender Therapy & Comparative Criminology is the property of Sage Publications Inc. and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Kuoppamaki, S.-M., et al. (2011). "Physical Violence Against Children Reported to the Police: Discrepancies Between Register-Based Data and Child Victim Survey." Violence and victims 26(2): 257-268.
	This study examines the reporting and not reporting of child victimization to the police. The study focuses on comparing the police reports of child victimization to the Finnish Child Victim Survey (FCVS) to find out the kind of violence that is reported to the police and the kind that is not. A total number of 242 police reports of 12-year-old victims of physical violence were collected from the Finnish Police Information System. These reports were compared to the 12-year-old children's victimization experiences in the FCVS. Discrepancies between these two data can be found in the victim's gender, the relationship between the victim and the suspect, and the location of the assault. Physical violence against girls committed by mothers is not reported as often as physical violence against boys committed by men. Adapted from the source document.

Kuoppamäki, S.-M., et al. (2011). "Physical Violence Against Children Reported to the Police: Discrepancies Between Register-Based Data and Child Victim Survey." Violence & Victims 26(2): 257-268.
	This study examines the reporting and not reporting of child victimization to the police. The study focuses on comparing the police reports of child victimization to the Finnish Child Victim Survey (FCVS) to find out the kind of violence that is reported to the police and the kind that is not. A total number of 242 police reports of 12-year-old victims of physical violence were collected from the Finnish Police Information System. These reports were compared to the 12-year-old children's victimization experiences in the FCVS. Discrepancies between these two data can be found in the victim's gender, the relationship between the victim and the suspect, and the location of the assault. Physical violence against girls committed by mothers is not reported as often as physical violence against boys committed by men. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Violence & Victims is the property of Springer Publishing Company, Inc. and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Kupersmit, B. and M. Rabinowitz (2016). "One Survey Can Make a Difference: Building Connections in New Mexico via Research." Contemporary Jewry 36(3): 413-417.
	This article offers communities across the country with small Jewish populations and limited resources an understanding of how to undertake a reliable, cost-effective study that fits their needs. Our concern is that some may (justifiably) feel overwhelmed by the choices and trade-offs that inevitably come from undertaking such an effort, and they may try to wait until the perfect moment presents itself or indefinitely put off such a study. We present a case study from the State of New Mexico that shows how with a limited budget it is possible to produce a reliable study depicting a statistically valid profile of the characteristics of the community and its preferences, an invaluable tool for strategic planning.

Kusuma, Y. S., et al. (2018). "Access to childhood immunisation services and its determinants among recent and settled migrants in Delhi, India." Public Health 158: 135-143.
	Objectives: Childhood immunisation is one of the important public health interventions, and poor migrants are vulnerable to forego these services. The objective of the study is to understand the access of childhood immunisation services to the socio-economically disadvantaged migrants and the determinants of full immunisation uptake up to the age of 1 year. Methods: In a cross-sectional survey, 458 migrant households with a child aged up to 2 years were identified. Data on sociodemographics, migration history, receipt of various vaccines and maternal healthcare services were collected through interviewer-administered pretested questionnaires. Multiple logistic regression analysis was performed to identify the determinants of full immunisation status. Results: Childhood immunisation coverage rates were low as only 31% of recent-migrant children and 53% of settled-migrant children were fully immunised against seven vaccine-preventable diseases (VPDs) by 12 months of age. Lack of awareness of the immunisation schedule and location of health facilities, mobility, illness of the child, fear of vaccines and side-effects were the main reasons for incomplete or no immunisation. Mother's educational attainment, TV viewership, hospital birth and receipt of information on childhood immunisation from the health workers during postnatal visits increased chances of getting the child fully immunised against seven VPDs by 1 year of age. Conclusion: The migrants, particularly the recent migrants, are at the risk of foregoing immunisation services because of livelihood insecurity, mobility and non-familiarity of services in the new urban environment. There is a need to deliver services with a focus on recent migrants. Investing in education and socio-economic development and providing secured livelihoods and equitable services are important to improve and sustain access to healthcare services in the long run.

Kuttler, H., et al. (2016). "Developmental hazards among young alcohol intoxicated patients." Journal of Adolescent Health 59(1): 87-95.
	Purpose: The rising numbers of alcohol intoxicated adolescents (AIA) treated in emergency care units in several European countries have drawn attention to this target group for prevention. To our knowledge, this is the first study to assess a broad array of developmental hazards and their stability in AIA and to compare their distribution with representative samples (RS). Methods: A multisite cohort study of AIA aged 13-17 years assessed, in the hospital (t0) and 6 months later (t1), (family) violence, cannabis and alcohol use, school problems, delinquency, homelessness, depression, and suicidality, using items from representative German surveys: Children and Adolescent Health Survey (KiGGS), Childhood Trauma Questionnaire and Communities That Care Youth Survey. We calculated the differences between AIA and RS and corresponding 95% confidence intervals. For AIA respondents who completed t0 and t1 information, we calculated prevalence/persistence/incidence of developmental hazards and corresponding 95% confidence interval. Results: A total of 342 AIA participated at t0, 228 at t1 (67%). AIA had a significantly higher burden of concomitant risks regarding physical and emotional family abuse, (sexual) victimization, cannabis use, binge drinking, school expulsion, police arrest, gang membership, and being violent. Six months after hospitalization, emotional family abuse (34.1%), cannabis use (23.5%), depression (14.8%), and being violent (13.2%) were especially prevalent. Conclusions: Developmental hazards are up to six times more prevalent in AIA than in RS. Therefore, when assessing the risk profile of AIA, it is important to consider developmental hazards as well as detrimental alcohol use.

Kwon, Y., et al. (2011). "Relationship between intention of novel influenza A (H1N1) vaccination and vaccination coverage rate." Vaccine 29(2): 161-165.
	We carried out this study to describe the difference between intention to receive vaccine against influenza A (H1N1) before the vaccination campaign and actual vaccine coverage rate after vaccination campaign; and to find out the factors affecting the acceptability. We analyzed data on intention to receive vaccine against influenza A (H1N1) and actual vaccination coverage rate from IR (immunization registry). In a survey of pre-vaccination, the sample size was 1042 and the survey results were weighted with gender and age distribution for sample distribution to be similar to population distribution. Although the intention to receive vaccine against influenza A (H1N1) was high, the actual vaccination coverage was lower than their intention. The factors affecting their intention were the degree of fear for novel influenza A (H1N1), the possibility to be infected with the virus, priority for production of novel influenza vaccine between timing and safety, and belief for effectiveness of novel influenza vaccine. Besides 2009 influenza A (H1N1) vaccination experience developing to resolve the effecting factors on intentions to receive vaccine, which would be the effective way to prepare for anther pandemic in the future.

Kyaw, W., et al. (2019). "Factors influencing seasonal influenza vaccination uptake among health care workers in an adult tertiary care hospital in Singapore: a cross-sectional survey." AJIC - American Journal of Infection Control 47(2): 133-138.
	Background: This study aimed to evaluate the factors influencing seasonal influenza vaccination uptake among different health care professional groups. Methods: A single-center, cross-sectional survey using a standardized anonymous, self-administered questionnaire to assess knowledge, attitudes, and uptake of seasonal influenza vaccination was used. Associations between respective health care groups and vaccination acceptance were then assessed. Results: In total, 3,873 health care workers completed the questionnaire. Of these, 7% were administrative staff, 17% were allied health staff, 7% were ancillary staff, 11% were medical staff, and 58% were nursing staff. The overall vaccination rate for the Southern Hemisphere 2015 influenza season was 82%. In a multivariate logistic regression model, after controlling for gender and presence of chronic disease, associated factors for accepting influenza vaccination were age, education level of bachelor degree or higher, preference for vaccination provided by mobile teams, having 1-50 patient contacts per week, and belief in the potential severity of influenza and vaccine safety (P&lt;.05). In contrast, factors negatively associated with vaccination acceptance included being a medical staff member or allied health staff member, living with family members under the age of 16, fear of adverse reactions, and disbelief in vaccination effectiveness (P&lt;.05). Conclusions: Although vaccine coverage in Singapore has been high, our findings provide guidance for the development of strategies to further improve vaccine coverage among different groups of health care workers.

Kyutoku, Y., et al. (2012). "Cognitive and psychological reactions of the general population three months after the 2011 Tohoku earthquake and tsunami." PLoS ONE 7(2): e31014-e31014.
	Background: The largest earthquake on record in Japan (magnitude 9.0) occurred on March 11, 2011, and the subsequent tsunami devastated the Pacific coast of Northern Japan. These further triggered the Fukushima I nuclear power plant accidents. Such a hugely complex disaster inevitably has negative psychological effects on general populations as well as on the direct victims. While previous disaster studies enrolled descriptive approaches focusing on direct victims, the structure of the psychological adjustment process of people from the general population has remained uncertain. The current study attempted to establish a path model that sufficiently reflects the early psychological adaptation process of the general population to large-scale natural disasters. Methods and Findings: Participants from the primary disaster area (n=1083) and other areas (n=2372) voluntarily participated in an online questionnaire study. By constructing path models using a structural equation model procedure (SEM), we examined the structural relationship among psychological constructs known related to disasters. As post-traumatic stress symptoms (PTS) were significantly more present in people in the primarily affected area than in those in secondary- or non-affected areas, the path models were constructed for the primary victims. The parsimoniously depicted model with the best fit was achieved for the psychological-adjustment centered model with quality of life (QoL) as a final outcome. Conclusion: The paths to QoL via negative routes (from negative cognitive appraisal, PTS, and general stress) were dominant, suggesting the importance of clinical intervention for reducing negative cognitive appraisal, and for caring for general stress and PTS to maintain QoL at an early stage of psychological adaptation to a disaster. The model also depicted the presence of a positive route where positive cognitive appraisal facilitates post-traumatic growth (PTG) to achieve a higher QoL, suggesting the potential importance of positive psychological preventive care for unexpected natural disasters.

Lachman, P., et al. (2019). "Patterns of help-seeking behavior among victims of teen dating violence and abuse: variations among boys and girls." Journal of School Health 89(10): 791-799.
	BACKGROUND: Despite the extensive research on rates of teen dating violence and abuse and its' consequences, less is known about help-seeking behaviors among victims. The goals of this study were to document patterns of help-seeking behaviors among teen victims of dating violence and abuse and examine sex differences related to such patterns. METHODS: The study involved cross-sectional surveys of 3745 dating youth from 10 middle and high schools in the northeastern United States, 59% of whom reported some kind of dating abuse victimization. We examined the characteristics of youth who reported any type of dating abuse victimization comparing youth who reported seeking help to youth who did not report seeking help following their victimization. RESULTS: Only 9% of victims reported seeking help after their victimization experience. Help-seeking differed significantly by sex; female victims were more likely to seek help than male victims, and the types of dating abuse that help-seekers experienced also varied by sex. Overall, 17% of youth sought help from school counselors and 13% sought help from teachers. CONCLUSIONS: Results suggest that help-seeking behavior is very uncommon among victim populations, particularly if they are not part of specific dating violence prevention programs. In addition, we found female victims were nearly 2 times more likely to seek help than male victims. Given that few youth seek help on their own, schools might create more formalized reporting mechanisms to ensure such violence is addressed effectively and efficiently, and create peer and parental support networks to build awareness and create comfort for victims.

Laestadius, J. G., et al. (2011). "Can business road travel be safe? Experience of an international organization." Journal of Travel Medicine 18(2): 73-79.
	Background. Globally, more than 1.2 million people die on the roads every year, and unfortunately so do one or two operational travelers for the World Bank Group (WBG). Methods. To investigate potentially preventable factors and improve the institution's road safety policies and practices, an electronic survey was designed in 2008 targeting about 16,000 WBG staff worldwide to inquire about road crashes and near crashes over the 3-year period. Also, questions were asked pertaining to contributing circumstances. Staff was encouraged to provide comments on prevention. A combined index based on the number of reported crashes and near crashes divided by person-days spent on mission in each country was used to rank the countries. Results. A total of 3,760 responses were collected. There were 341 road crashes reported, about 1 in 175 missions. Seventy percent took place in taxis, and 40% of crash victims reported that seatbelts were not used. Contributing factors included driver's decision error, speeding, or road/weather conditions. On the basis of a combined index, a list of 36 high-risk countries is presented. A high correlation between crashes and near crashes (r=0.89) justifies the method. Conclusions. Improved corporate policies will need to be developed to address preventable risk factors identified in the study.

LaFollette, M. R., et al. (2018). "Rat tickling in pet stores: effects on employees, customers, and new owners." Anthrozoös 31(4): 495-513.
	Rat tickling is a technique used by humans with rats to mimic rough-and-tumble play, improve welfare, and reduce fear. Anecdotal information suggests that rat tickling is also beneficial for humans, yet this assertion has not been empirically validated. We hypothesized that rat tickling would be beneficial to multiple populations interacting with or viewing rats at pet stores, including employees, customers, and new rat owners. We sampled nine employees, 806 customers, and 35 rat owners in two pet stores across three replicates. Employees were assessed after caring for rats (using tickling or minimal handling methods) and after the sale of each rat with the Animal Empathy Scale and the Positive and Negative Affect Scale. Customers were asked via a survey to determine which cage of rats they would purchase and which cage of rats looked the happiest. New rat owners' reasons for purchase, satisfaction, and attachment were assessed with surveys, including the Lexington Attachment to Pets Scale. Data were analyzed using general linear models (employees and owners) and generalized linear mixed models (customers). Employee affect was unaltered by handling treatment in the first four days. At the point of sale, employee positive affect was higher when selling controls versus tickled rats, pets versus feeders, and rats that had been in the store for a shorter time. Customers were more likely to identify tickled high-calling and control rats as being happier. Customers were more likely to choose rats from cages with a higher proportion of colored rats for purchasing. Owners and customers frequently cited behavioral reasons as important for selection of rats. In conclusion, based on the measures used in our study, short-term tickling of pet store rats may have minimal effects on humans. However, future research is warranted to investigate effects of more frequent or longer-term tickling.

LaFree, G. and N. A. Morris (2012). "Does Legitimacy Matter?: Attitudes Toward Anti-American Violence in Egypt, Morocco, and Indonesia." Crime & Delinquency 58(5): 689-719.
	Legitimacy is conceptualized as subjective individual attitudes and expectations about formal institutional authority and is often thought of as a reservoir of trust or goodwill that formal governing authorities draw on to secure acceptance and compliance with the law. Recent public opinion surveys in predominantly Muslim countries report declining support for U.S. government and policy, as well as increasing support for Muslim-based groups that attack the United States. Based on prior research within the United States showing that perceptions of legitimacy are related to both acceptance and compliance with the law, we examine whether perceptions about the legitimacy of the U.S. government may also be related to support for anti-American transnational terrorist attacks. Using data from more than 3,600 face-to-face interviews with respondents from three Muslim countries, we examine the effects of support for the American government, people, and culture on support for Muslim-based groups that attack Americans. In addition, we examine the effects of perceived domestic institutional legitimacy on support for Muslim-based groups that attack Americans. Our results indicate that individuals who have more favorable attitudes toward American citizens and culture are less likely to support attacks against Americans by Muslim-based groups. We also find that perceived legitimacy in one’s own political institutions, including government, police, and the criminal justice system, is associated with lower levels of support for groups that attack Americans. We discuss the implications of the results for research and policy. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Crime & Delinquency is the property of Sage Publications Inc. and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Langeland, W., et al. (2015). "Childhood sexual abuse by representatives of the Roman Catholic Church: A prevalence estimate among the Dutch population." Child Abuse & Neglect 46: 67-77.
	Estimates of the extent of childhood sexual abuse (CSA) within in the Roman Catholic Church (RCC) in the general population are difficult to find. The independent Commission of Inquiry into sexual abuse of minors in the RCC in the Netherlands collected population-based data to estimate its prevalence. A large random online population sample was surveyed using a two-phase stratified sampling procedure. In Phase 1, 34,267 subjects aged 40 years and older were screened for childhood exposure to sexual abuse by non-family members, a history of institutionalization and a Roman Catholic upbringing. In Phase 2, a stratified subset of 2,462 subjects was assessed to obtain more detailed target information about sexual abuse reports within the RCC. We employed multiple imputation for the estimation of RCC CSA in the original Phase 1 sample. The prevalence of non-familial CSA in general (14.0%) was higher among women (17.2%) than among men (10.6%). The prevalence of CSA within the Dutch RCC (1.7%) was higher among men (2.7%) than among women (0.7%). As expected, older subjects reported more often CSA in the RCC than their younger counterparts. Respondents who stayed for some time in RCC run institutions for education or child protection had a higher risk to report sexual abuse. Although sexual abuse of minors by representatives of the RCC was a structural problem during a period that the Church was highly influential in the Netherlands, the estimated prevalence of the phenomenon is only a fraction of the prevalence rate of non-familial CSA. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Child Abuse & Neglect is the property of Pergamon Press - An Imprint of Elsevier Science and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Larson, C., et al. (2013). "Development of a community-sensitive strategy to increase availability of fresh fruits and vegetables in Nashville's urban food deserts, 2010-2012." Preventing Chronic Disease 10(7): E125-E125.
	Background: Food deserts, areas that lack full-service grocery stores, may contribute to rising rates of obesity and chronic diseases among low-income and racial/ethnic minority residents. Our corner store project, part of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention's Communities Putting Prevention to Work initiative, aimed to increase availability of healthful foods in food deserts in Nashville, Tennessee. Community Context: We identified 4 food deserts in which most residents are low-income and racially and ethnically diverse. Our objectives were to develop an approach to increase availability of fresh fruits and vegetables, low-fat or nonfat milk, and 100% whole-wheat bread in Nashville's food deserts and to engage community members to inform our strategy. Methods: Five corner stores located in food deserts met inclusion criteria for our intervention. We then conducted community listening sessions, proprietor surveys, store audits, and customer-intercept surveys to identify needs, challenges to retailing the products, and potential intervention strategies. Outcome: Few stores offered fresh fruits, fresh vegetables, low-fat or nonfat milk, or 100% whole-wheat bread, and none stocked items from all 4 categories. Major barriers to retailing healthful options identified by community members are mistrust of store owners, history of poor-quality produce, and limited familiarity with healthful options. Store owners identified neighborhood crime as the major barrier. We used community input to develop strategies. Interpretation: Engaging community residents and understanding neighborhood context is critical to developing strategies that increase access to healthful foods in corner stores.

Laslett, A. M., et al. (2011). "Surveying the range and magnitude of alcohol's harm to others in Australia." Addiction 106(9): 1603-1611.
	ABSTRACT Aims This study aims to document the adverse effects of drinkers in Australia on people other than the drinker. Design Cross-sectional survey. Setting In a national survey of Australia, respondents described the harmful effects they experienced from drinkers in their households, family and friendship networks, as well as work-place and community settings. Participants A randomly selected sample of 2649 adult Australians. Measurements Problems experienced because of others' drinking were ascertained via computer-assisted telephone interviews. Respondent and drinker socio-demographic and drinking pattern data were recorded. Findings A total of 70% of respondents were affected by strangers' drinking and experienced nuisance, fear or abuse, and 30% reported that the drinking of someone close to them had negative effects, although only 11% were affected by such a person 'a lot'. Women were more affected by someone they knew in the household or family, while men were more affected by strangers, friends and co-workers. Young adults were consistently the most negatively affected across the majority of types of harm. Conclusions Substantial proportions of Australians are affected by other people's drinking, including that of their families, friends, co-workers and strangers. These harms range in magnitude from noise and fear to physical abuse, sexual coercion and social isolation. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Addiction is the property of Wiley-Blackwell and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Lätsch, D. C., et al. (2017). "Poly-victimization and its relationship with emotional and social adjustment in adolescence: Evidence from a national survey in Switzerland." Psychology of Violence 7(1): 1-11.
	Objective: The present study investigates, for the first time in a wealthy country of Central Europe, the prevalence of poly-victimization (exposure to multiple forms of victimization within the past year) in an adolescent population. It further examines associations between single victimization types (such as sexual or physical assaults) with emotional and social functioning when poly-victimization is controlled for. Method: Data from a large and near-representative national school survey in Switzerland (N = 6,749, 52.2% male, M age = 15.5 years) were examined using descriptive and multiple regression analysis. Results: When poly-victimization was controlled for, individual victimization types showed largely diminished association with emotional and social functioning measures. Particularly weak associations were found for physical and sexual victimizations. By contrast, emotional assaults (including emotional bullying by peers and emotional abuse by parents) and maltreatment by parents retained the strongest links with levels of functioning. This general pattern of results held even when chronic individual victimization types were considered. Conclusions: Many previous studies may have underestimated adolescents’ capacities to cope with physical and sexual victimizations where these experiences happen in an otherwise functional environment. Meanwhile, concurrent exposure to multiple kinds of victimization serves as a strong indicator of declined emotional and social functioning. Taken together, the findings embolden practitioners in general to avoid the pitfalls of overspecialization and to promote holistic treatment approaches toward adolescent victims of violence. In the Swiss context, professionals working with vulnerable children and youth may feel encouraged to overcome the fragmentarization of services that currently characterizes the children and youth welfare system in this country. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2017 APA, all rights reserved)

Lau, H.-H. and N. H. Wolfinger (2011). "Parental Divorce and Adult Religiosity: Evidence from the General Social Survey." Review of Religious Research 53(1): 85-103.
	This study explores the relationship between parental divorce and religiosity, including religious affiliation change and church attendance. Data from the 1991, 1998, and 2008 waves of the General Social Survey provide information both on current religiosity and religiosity in respondents’ families of origin. The results suggest that living with a single divorced parent—but not a remarried or widowed parent—increases church attendance and the odds of a change in religious affiliation. Catholics and Protestants from divorced families are disproportionately likely to become apostates as adults, while people growing up in unaffiliated divorced families more often become affiliated as adults. However, parental divorce has fewer effects on the likelihood of moving from one denomination to another.

Lau, Y., et al. (2014). "Fear of intimacy with helping professionals and its impact on elderly Chinese." Geriatrics and Gerontology International 14(2): 474-480.
	Aim: The present study aimed to investigate the attitudes of Chinese older adults toward seeking help from healthcare professionals, and its impact on their self-care ability and medication adherence. Methods: A cross-sectional study using a questionnaire survey was carried out. A convenience sample of 301 older adults was recruited from six health centers in Macao, People's Republic of China. The Chinese versions of Fear of Intimacy with Helping Professionals (C-FIHP), Exercise of Self-care Agency (C-ESCA) and Morisky 4-Item Self-Report Measure of Medication-Taking Behavior (C-MMAS) were used to measure the study variables. Results: Chinese older adults who were married and had comorbidity with arthritis showed significantly negative attitudes toward seeking help form healthcare professional than those who were not married (P&lt;0.05) and did not have arthritis (P&lt;0.01). There are significant negative correlations between C-FIHP with C-ESCA (P&lt;0.01) and C-MMAS-4 (P&lt;0.01). Regression analysis identified three predicative factors of fear of intimacy with helping professionals: marital status, comorbidity with arthritis and self-care agency, which accounted for 23.9% of variance. Conclusions: The present study suggests that Chinese older adults' fear of intimacy with helping professionals impacts their perceived self-care ability and medication adherence. The three predictive factors identified in the present study might provide useful pointers for healthcare professionals to customize an effective approach to encourage and engage older adults. This might improve the self-care ability and medication adherence of older adults, which will result in a better quality of life and psychosocial well-being.

Lawoko, S., et al. (2014). "Readiness to screen for domestic violence against women in healthcare Uganda: associations with demographic, professional and work environmental factors." Open Journal of Preventive Medicine 4(4): 145-155.
	Aim: We assessed demographic, professional and work environmental determinants of readiness to screen for Intimate Partner Violence among healthcare practitioners in healthcare Uganda. Methods: The Domestic Violence Healthcare Provider Survey Scale and the Demand-Control-Support questionnaire was administered to a random sample of 376 health care providers (n=279 valid responses) from Gulu, Anaka, Lacor and Iganga hospital situated in northern and eastern Uganda. Correlation tests, t-tests, ANOVA and Multiple Linear regression were used to analyse the data. Results: Male care providers were more likely than female peers to blame the victim for the occurrence of Intimate Partner Violence in a relationship. Participants from Lacorhospital graded a lower self-efficacy and a poorer support network with regard to screening for Intimate partner violence, and a higher propensity to blame the victim when contrasted with other hospitals. Doctors experienced a lower self-efficacy with regard to IPV screening than other professions. Blaming the victim for abuse was associated with a high work load and low support at work. In addition, with increasing work control and support, participants' appraisal of system support and self-efficacy increased. Conclusion: Gender, profession, facility of work, work demand, control and support are important determinants of the readiness to screen for IPV in healthcare Uganda, and should inform strategy for the introduction and implementation of routine IPV inquiry in healthcare Uganda.

Lea, T., et al. (2015). "Young people at risk of transitioning to injecting drug use in Sydney, Australia: social disadvantage and other correlates of higher levels of exposure to injecting." Health and Social Care in the Community 23(2): 200-207.
	While numerous studies have examined characteristics of young people who have recently initiated injecting, little attention has focused on young people who may be at high risk of transitioning to injecting. This study sought to examine the extent that socially disadvantaged young people were exposed to injecting, determine their level of hepatitis C (HCV) knowledge and identify correlates of higher injecting exposure. A cross-sectional survey was administered to 210 young people in 2010-2011 who were exposed to injecting drug use, but had not transitioned to injecting. Respondents were primarily recruited from youth services in metropolitan Sydney. Exposure to injecting in the previous 12 months was assessed with four items that examined whether close friends, romantic/sexual partners or family members/acquaintances injected drugs, and whether they were offered an injection. Most respondents had at least a few close friends who injected drugs (65%) and almost half had been offered drugs to inject in the previous 12 months (48%). It was less common for respondents to report having a partner who injects (11%). Correlates of higher injecting exposure were examined with multivariate ordinal regression. In the multivariate model, higher exposure to injecting was independently associated with the experience of abuse or violent crime [adjusted odds ratio (AOR)=1.80] and reporting more favourable attitudes towards injecting (AOR=0.86). Higher exposure to injecting was not independently associated with patterns or history of drug use. HCV knowledge was low to moderate and was not associated with higher exposure to injecting. That drug use was not independently associated with higher injecting exposure may suggest that exposure is shaped more by social disadvantage than by drug use patterns. Additional research is required to investigate this, using an improved measure of exposure to injecting.

Lebeau, A., et al. (2014). "Comparaison de deux enquêtes de victimisation." Criminologie 46(3): 105-126.
	Victimization surveys have repeatedly shown that the risk of victimization decreases with age. In Canada, the General Social Survey, which measures victimization in the general population, does not include youth under 15 years of age. The information available regarding the victimization of children and youth comes from official sources such as Youth Protection Services and the police. We know that these official statistics are incomplete and just the tip of the iceberg and that the dark number regarding the victimization of children and youth is significant. The Juvenile Victimization Questionnaire (JVQ) was developed in the USA by David Finkelhor and his colleagues in order to meet this need. In this paper we compare the fi ndings of this new instrument with those of the General Social Survey, a tried and tested questionnaire which has been in use in Canada for over 20 years, in order to assess the ability of the JVQ to provide reliable data on the victimization of youth. Specifically, we compare these two victimization questionnaires with respect to lifetime victimization and annual victimization for youth between 15 to 17 years of age. The results indicate that, although there are differences between both questionnaires, both surveys fi nd similar rates of annual victimization, but differences regarding lifetime victimization. (English) [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Los cuestionarios de victimización han mostrado que el riesgo de victimización disminuye con la edad. En Canadá, la Encuesta social general que mide la victimización de la población no incluye a los menores de 15 años. Las informaciones disponibles que conciernen la victimización de los jóvenes provienen de fuentes oficiales como la Protección de menores o la policía. Estas fuentes están incompletas y solo representan la punta del iceberg, ya que la cifra negra sobre la victimización de los niños es significativa. El « Juvenile Victimization Questionnaire » (JVQ) ha sido desarrollado en los Estados Unidos por David Finkelhor y sus colegas a fi n de llenar dichos vacíos. En el presente artículo, comparamos los resultados de este nuevo instrumento con aquellos de la Encuesta social general, obtenidos mediante un cuestionario testeado y utilizado durante casi 20 años en Canadá, con el objeto de evaluar si los datos del JVQ son fi ables para describir la victimización de los jóvenes. Más específi camente, las medidas de la victimización de por vida y aquella de los 12 últimos meses son comparadas. Los resultados indican que, mas allá de las diferencias inherentes a los dos cuestionarios, las muestras correspondientes a los 15-17 años presentan tasas relativamente comparables para la victimización de los 12 últimos meses, pero ciertas diferencias en cuanto al nivel de victimización de por vida. (Spanish) [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Les questionnaires de victimisation ont montré que le risque de victimisation diminue avec l'âge. Au Canada, l'Enquête sociale générale (ESG) qui mesure la victimisation de la population n'inclut pas les moins de 15 ans. Les informations disponibles concernant la victimisation des jeunes viennent donc de sources officielles comme la Direction de la protection de la jeunesse ou la police. Ces sources sont incomplètes et ne représentent que la pointe de l'iceberg puisque le chiffre noir concernant la victimisation des enfants est important. Le Juvenile Victimization Questionnaire (JVQ) a été développé aux États-Unis par David Finkelhor et ses collègues afin de combler ces lacunes. Dans cet article nous comparons les résultats de ce nouvel instrument avec ceux de l'Enquête sociale générale obtenus par un questionnaire testé et utilisé pendant près de 20 ans au Canada, afin d'évaluer si les données du JVQ sont fi ables pour décrire la victimisation des jeunes. Plus spécifiquement, les mesures de la victimisation à vie et celle des 12 derniers mois sont comparées. Les résultats indiquent que malgré les différences inhérentes aux deux questionnaires, les échantillons des 15 à 17 ans présentent des taux relativement comparables pour la victimisation des 12 derniers mois, mais des différences sur le plan de la victimisation à vie. (French) [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Criminologie is the property of Presses de l'Universite de Montreal and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Lebeau, A., et al. (2014). "Comparison of two victimization surveys." Criminologie 47(1): 105-126.
	Victimization surveys have repeatedly shown that the risk of victimization decreases with age. In Canada, the General Social Survey, which measures victimization in the general population, does not include youth under 15 years of age. The information available regarding the victimization of children and youth comes from official sources such as Youth Protection Services and the police. We know that these official statistics are incomplete and just the tip of the iceberg and that the dark number regarding the victimization of children and youth is significant. The Juvenile Victimization Questionnaire (JVQ) was developed in the USA by David Finkelhor and his colleagues in order to meet this need. In this paper we compare the findings of this new instrument with those of the General Social Survey, a tried and tested questionnaire which has been in use in Canada for over 20 years, in order to assess the ability of the JVQ to provide reliable data on the victimization of youth. Specifically, we compare these two victimization questionnaires with respect to lifetime victimization and annual victimization for youth between 15 to 17 years of age. The results indicate that, although there are differences between both questionnaires, both surveys find similar rates of annual victimization, but differences regarding lifetime victimization. Adapted from the source document.

Lebrun-Harris, L. A., et al. (2019). "Bullying Victimization and Perpetration among U.S. Children and Adolescents: 2016 National Survey of Children's Health." Journal of Child & Family Studies 28(9): 2543-2557.
	Bullying is a serious public health issue among children and adolescents in the United States. Existing national data sources provide limited current information about involvement in bullying among youth. The purpose of this study was to estimate the prevalence of parent-reported bullying victimization and perpetration among U.S. children and adolescents ages 6–17 years using nationally representative data, and to examine health-related factors associated with bullying experiences. We conducted secondary data analysis of the 2016 National Survey of Children's Health, and stratified the sample by age (6–11 years, 12–17 years). We performed bivariate analyses to examine prevalence of bullying experiences according to demographic characteristics, health conditions, health behaviors, health services, and family environment. Using multivariable logistic regressions, we assessed the association between these factors and bullying experiences. Results showed that 22.7% of U.S. children and adolescents were bullied by others and 6.4% bullied others. The rate of bullying victimization was slightly higher among 6–11 year olds than among 12–17 year olds (24.1 vs. 21.1%, p = 0.011). The rate of bullying perpetration was 7.2% among children and 5.6% among adolescents but the difference between age groups was not statistically significant (p = 0.086). Several health conditions and health services factors were associated with either bullying victimization or perpetration, including special health care needs, internalizing problems, behavior or conduct problems, speech or other language disorders, autism, and unmet need for mental health treatment or counseling. Bullying victimization was also strongly associated with bullying perpetration. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Journal of Child & Family Studies is the property of Springer Nature and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Lee, F. (2009). "Adopting a restorative approach to young offenders in Hong Kong: a public survey." Contemporary Justice Review 12(4): 469-483.
	With declining faith in the retributive and rehabilitative models of the criminal justice system, the restorative justice (RJ) model has become increasingly favored. Most countries that practice RJ do so for juvenile offenders, and most of these are western countries. It is believed that the illegal acts of most juvenile offenders are committed impulsively. Hong Kong, as an international Asian city that is predominantly Chinese, may want to follow the global trend in adopting some types of RJ practice to deal with juvenile offenders. As public sanction/endorsement is one of the crucial criteria for the implementation of RJ, this article presents the findings of a telephone survey in Hong Kong to explore public support for the idea. It was found that the general public is in favor of the idea of RJ even though their knowledge of the local juvenile justice system is typically inadequate. Some preliminary recommendations are offered. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Contemporary Justice Review is the property of Routledge and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Lee, S., et al. (2014). "Markov chain modelling analysis of HIV/AIDS progression: a race-based forecast in the United States." Indian Journal of Pharmaceutical Sciences 76(2): 107-124.
	HIV/AIDS has reached a pandemic level across the world with more than 33 million people who are living with HIV. In the United States, more than half a million people have been victims of AIDS. This study investigates the most vulnerable racial minority population (the African Americans) in the United States and the second least affected (the Caucasians) in order to predict the trends of the epidemic. A Markov chain analysis was used to model the progression of the disease among vulnerable people, infective people and AIDS cases for the two races separately, based on the 2009 Centers of Disease Control and Prevention HIV/AIDS Surveillance Report. Based on the Markov model, our study predicts that the number of African American people living with AIDS diagnosis and HIV infection and dead due to HIV/AIDS will be 662.2, 1225.3 and 62.9 in 2015 and 794.9, 1566.5 and 79.2 in 2030, respectively. The number of Caucasian people living with AIDS diagnosis and HIV infection and dead due to HIV/AIDS will be 96.4, 160 and 6.5 in 2015 and 118.6, 206.9 and 8.3 in 2030, respectively. The numbers of deaths due to HIV/AIDS are quite stable over the years in both the races. There is an increasing trend in the number of people living with HIV infection and AIDS diagnosis in Caucasians compared with African Americans. The absolute number of Caucasians living with AIDS diagnosis and HIV infection is quite smaller compared with African Americans. The results reveal discrepancy in HIV infection, AIDS diagnosis and deaths due to HIV/AIDS among the African Americans and the Caucasians races. There is a need for interventions focusing on HIV/AIDS prevention and management, optimum resource allocation and development of anti-AIDS campaigns to reduce the infection rate.

Legault, R. L. (2013). "Reporting Error in Household Gun Ownership in the 2000 General Social Survey." Crime & Delinquency 59(6): 811-836.
	The use of surveys is one of the few ways to determine the extent and character of firearms ownership in the United States. The findings from such surveys have implications for both firearms research and firearms policy. Using data from the 2000 General Social Survey, the author examines the possibility of error in the reporting of household firearm ownership. Strong and significant differences in ownership reporting are found between married men and women, especially for those who were not socialized in part of a traditional “gun culture.” [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Crime & Delinquency is the property of Sage Publications Inc. and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Legleye, S. (2011). "Violence et milieu social a l'adolescence. (Violence and Social Background in Adolescence. With English summary.)." Economie et Statistique(448-449): 159-175.
	Police and gendarmerie statistics show a rise in violent acts committed by French teenagers between 1993 and 2008. In the same period, the consumption of psychoactive substances increased, fuelling the debate on the role of drugs in violent acts committed and recorded. But the causes of violent behaviour are, of course, diverse--ranging from social origin to personal and family problems and other factors. This study seeks to compile an inventory of violent acts reported by French adolescents--including acts committed or suffered--and then to test factors that can be linked to such acts: the use of psychoactive substances, and the characteristics of the person's social background (such as family structure and the parents' socio-occupational category). The data and results are based on a survey covering a representative sample of young French males aged 17. The survey is conducted periodically on the occasion of "Defence Preparation Day" (Journee d'Appel de Preparation a la Defense: JAPD), instituted in 1998 after the abolition of national service. The findings show that youths from modest backgrounds are more likely than others to state that they engage in violent behaviour (taking part in fights, using a weapon, or causing injuries requiring medical assistance). This gap is wider for youths who report that they are very seldom victims of verbal or physical violence (threats, assault or injuries requiring medical assistance) or of theft. The social origin gap is much smaller for youths having suffered a larger number of violent acts. A final set of factors influencing violent behaviour consists of family structure, degree of good relations in the family, depression, and drug use.

Leitgöb-Guzy, N. (2018). "Wohnumfeld und Polizeivertrauen: Der Einfluss subjektiver Wahrnehmung nachbarschaftlicher Eigenschaften auf das Vertrauen in die Polizei." Neighborhood and Trust in the Police: The influence of subjective perception of neighborhood characteristics on trust in police. 101(5/6): 421-435.
	Trust in the police constitutes a central basis for democracy. Because of this, research on trust in the police play an indispensable key role in ensuring security, for example, when knowledge of the influencing factors of police trust is used to develop practical measures. In research literature, there are three groups of influencing factors on trust in police: individual characteristics, characteristic of the neighborhood as well as experiences with the police. Thereby, various studies have shown that, in particular, environmental characteristics related to the neighborhood and its security level has an especially high potential for explaining trust in the police. Based on the German Victimization Survey 2012, this approach is examined for Germany for the first time. As a result, neighbors' characteristics show a small but relevant level of explanatory power. Further research indicates to an important mediator role of trust in politics. (English) [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Das Vertrauen in die Polizei stellt eine zentrale Grundlage für den demokratischen Rechtsstaat dar. Kenntnisse über Einflussfaktoren von Vertrauen in die Polizei nehmen dabei eine wichtige Rolle bei der Gewährleistung von Sicherheit ein, bspw. wenn diese zur Entwicklung praktischer Maßnahmen genutzt werden. In der einschlägigen Forschungsliteratur finden sich drei Gruppen von Einflussmerkmalen auf das Vertrauen in die Polizei: Individualmerkmale, Merkmale der Nachbarschaft sowie Erfahrungen mit der Polizei. Verschiedene, primär englischsprachige Untersuchungen haben dabei gezeigt, dass insbesondere auf die Nachbarschaft und die Sicherheit in der Wohngegend bezogene Merkmale ein hohes Erklärungspotenzial für das Vertrauen in die Polizei aufweisen. Auf Basis des Deutschen Viktimisierungssurveys 2012 wird dieser Zusammenhang erstmals für Deutschland überprüft. Im Ergebnis zeigt sich, dass nachbarschaftliche Merkmale eine kleine, aber bedeutsame Erklärungskraft aufweisen. Weitergehende Analysen zeigen, dass dem Vertrauen in die Politik dabei eine zentrale Rolle zukommt. (German) [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Monatsschrift fuer Kriminologie und Strafrechtsreform is the property of De Gruyter and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Lekshmi, N., et al. (2018). "Changing facades of Vibrio cholerae: an enigma in the epidemiology of cholera." Indian Journal of Medical Research 147(2): 133-141.
	Cholera, caused by the Gram-negative bacterium Vibrio cholerae, has ravaged humanity from time immemorial. Although the disease can be treated using antibiotics along with administration of oral rehydration salts and controlled by good sanitation, cholera is known to have produced mayhems in ancient times when little was known about the pathogen. By the 21st century, ample information about the pathogen, its epidemiology, genetics, treatment and control strategies was revealed. However, there is still fear of cholera outbreaks in developing countries, especially in the wake of natural calamities. Studies have proved that the bacterium is mutating and evolving, out-competing all our efforts to treat the disease with previously used antibiotics and control with existing vaccines. In this review, the major scientific insights of cholera research are discussed. Considering the important role of biofilm formation in the V. cholerae life cycle, the vast availability of next-generation sequencing data of the pathogen and multi-omic approach, the review thrusts on the identification of suitable biofilm-inhibiting targets and the discovery of anti-biofilm drugs from nature to control the disease.

Lemal, M. and J. v. d. Bulck (2009). "Television news exposure is related to fear of breast cancer." Preventive medicine 48(2): 189-192.
	Objective. This study assessed the relationship between exposure to breast cancer content in television news programs and fear of breast cancer. Methods. A quantitative standardized Health and Media Interview Survey was administered to a random sample of 500 Flemish women aged 18-85 years in 2007. The survey contained closed measures on demographics, breast cancer fear, television exposure and potential confounding variables such as trait anxiety, perceived risk and experience with breast cancer. Results. 80.6% of the women were moderately to very afraid of being diagnosed with breast cancer. Multinomial logistic regression results showed that women who had occasionally been exposed to breast cancer content in television news were 1.9 times more likely to be very afraid of breast cancer (95% CI 1.1-3.4). Women who had frequently been exposed were 3.3 times more likely to be moderately afraid (95% CI 1.1-10), and 7.5 times more likely to be very afraid of breast cancer (95% CI 2.4-23.8). Conclusions. These results suggest a relationship between exposure to breast cancer coverage in television news programs and fear of breast cancer.

Lemieux, S., et al. (2019). "Characteristics associated with depression and post-traumatic stress disorder among childhood sexual abuse women. / Caractéristiques associées à la dépression et aux symptômes de stress post-traumatique chez les femmes victimes d'agression sexuelle durant l'enfance." Revue d'Épidémiologie et de Santé Publique 67(5): 285-294.
	Background: A significant proportion of childhood sexual abuse victims suffer from psychological sequelae in adulthood. Factors that provide a better understanding for the reasons why some victims develop these sequelae remain under-explored. In this context, the main objective is to examine the specific contribution of the contextual characteristics of childhood sexual abuse, multitype childhood maltreatment and adolescent suicide attempts on the development of depression and post-traumatic stress disorder in adulthood among sexually abused women as children. A secondary objective aimed to establish the prevalence of various forms of childhood maltreatment, adult onset post-traumatic stress disorder and depression among those women. Methods: The sample included 479 women victims of childhood sexual abuse who participated in two separate surveys taken by women in the province of Quebec. Results: More than half of these women reported at least one other form of childhood maltreatment, 30% of them presented post-traumatic disorder and 40% suffered from depression in adulthood. Regression analysis indicates that post-traumatic stress disorder was associated with early onset childhood sexual abuse and intergenerational continuity of sexual victimization, as well as childhood physical maltreatment and negligence. Depression was associated with childhood psychological maltreatment and negligence, a non-supportive response following child sexual abuse related disclosure and suicide attempt in adolescence. Conclusion: These results confirm the need to consider the cumulative effects of various childhood adversity factors in the psychosocial assessment of sexually abused women in early life, thus helping to better understand and treat their psychological sequelae.

Lenzi, M., et al. (2015). "The quantity and variety across domains of psychological and social assets associated with school victimization." Psychology of Violence 5(4): 411-421.
	Objective: Studies on protective factors for school victimization are rare and usually focus on specific assets. The current study examined the association between quantity and variety of domains of developmental assets and school victimization in adolescence. Method: Data were drawn from the California Healthy Kids Survey (CHKS; N = 11,790 high school students attending 17 schools). The Social and Emotional Health Survey–Secondary (SEHS-S) was administered as part of a federally funded school climate initiative in the spring of 2013. A mixed-effects modeling approach tested associations between configurations of assets and school victimization. Results: Adolescents reporting a higher quantity of assets in multiple domains had a lower likelihood of experiencing physical and relational victimization and fear of being victimized in school compared to youth having zero assets. Conclusions: Results supported the importance of considering the quantity of psychological and social assets and also the variety of assets across multiple domains. Interventions promoting multiple protective factors in multiple areas of youths’ lives may have the highest likelihood of impacting adolescent well-being. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)

Leskošek, V. (2013). "The health condition of female victims of violence." Slovenian Journal of Public Health 52(2): 148-156.
	Introduction: The article addresses one of the most vulnerable social groups - women who have experienced various types of violence. The problem is presented through a discussion of the consequences of violence on women's health. Based on the analysis of the research data, the article proposes measures that should boost health care policies in handling violence against women. Methods: The source of data is the Survey on Violence Against Women in the private sphere and partnership relations conducted in 2010. The sample consisted of 3000 women, equally stratified by age, type of neighbourhood and region. The research was quantitative and the response rate was 25% (n=752), which is an average response rate when researching intimate spheres accompanied by fear, shame or emotional distress. Results: The results have shown that violence has a powerful and lasting effect on health. In some cases, injuries lead to lasting disability. Psychological and mental disorders are also present, including depression, nightmares, fear, shame, anger, the feeling of threat and distrust. The problems are compounded by a distrust of professional help, which further affects their health condition. Conclusions: health policies should include training and knowledge of the causes, dynamics and consequences of violence, so that women could be encouraged to report violence. The first step was made when the relevant rules of procedures were adopted, but the process must continue with the drawing of protocols, the definition of the responsibility of individual professions within health care and cooperation with other institutions.

Lesueur, F. E., et al. (2018). "Adolescents and smoking: early emergence of social inequalities. DePICT, a French national survey (2016). / Les adolescent.e.s face au tabac: émergence précoce des inégalités sociales. L'étude nationale DePICT (2016)." Bulletin Épidémiologique Hebdomadaire(14/15): 283-290.
	Background - France has high levels of social and educational disparities in smoking that seem to emerge during adolescence and may in part be due to differences in smoking-related perceptions according to socioeconomic position. In order to assess this assumption, we sought to test whether these educational disparities exist in relation to adolescents' smoking-related perceptions and age at smoking initiation. Methods - Data come from DePICT, a cross-sectional national telephone survey of residents of metropolitan France which included adolescents aged 12 to 17 years (n=2,050). Multivariate logistic regressions were implemented to examine perceptions of: (a) the fear of the consequences of smoking; (b) the existence of a "war" between smokers and non-smokers; (c) smokers' low social acceptance; (d) the impression that smoking makes it possible to be at ease in a group; (e) the perception of neutral tobacco packs introduced at the end of 2016. We also examined the association between schooling characteristics and age at smoking initiation. Results - After weighting and adjusting for factors potentially associated with smoking, compared to adolescents enrolled in general education, those enrolled in technical or vocational education were, on average, less afraid of the consequences of smoking, less likely to report a war between smokers and non-smokers, and felt that smoking made them feel comfortable. They were more likely to have an unfavorable opinion about the neutral tobacco packs and initiated smoking at an earlier age. Discussion - A social gradient with regard to smoking-related perceptions and smoking initiation is apparent in adolescence, with students in technical or vocational education particularly vulnerable to smoking. Anti-smoking interventions should specifically target tobacco-related perceptions, particularly among students schooled in technical and vocational settings.

Lesueur, F. E., et al. (2018). "Factors associated with successful vs. unsuccessful smoking cessation: data from a nationally representative study." Addictive Behaviors 80: 110-115.
	Introduction: A substantial proportion of smokers who attempt to stop smoking relapse in the first months. Yet to date, there is limited understanding of the predictors of smoking attempts and their success. We examine the role of tobacco use characteristics, other substance-related factors, as well as socio-demographic characteristics in relation to successful and unsuccessful smoking cessation. Methods: DePICT (Description des Perceptions, Images, et Comportements liés au Tabagisme) is a nationally representative sample of adults aged between 18 and 64 years residing in metropolitan France, who were interviewed by telephone survey (n=4342). Among current or former smokers (n=2110) we distinguished participants characterized by: (a) no quit attempt or quit &lt;6 months; (b) unsuccessful smoking cessation (current smokers who previously quit smoking ≥6 months); (c) successful smoking cessation (≥6 months). Factors associated with successful vs. unsuccessful smoking cessation were studied using multivariate multinomial logistic regression analyses. Results: Successful and unsuccessful smoking cessation share some predicting factors including no cannabis use, older age, and intermediate or high occupational grade. Factors specifically associated with successful smoking cessation included no e-cigarette use, no environmental tobacco exposure, fear of the health consequences of smoking, perceived harmfulness of smoking, and high educational attainment and a good overall health. Conclusions: Smokers' environmental tobacco exposure, concurrent cannabis use, and the perception of the health consequences of smoking should be taken into account in efforts aiming to promote smoking cessation at the individual as well as collective levels. Our data also suggest that e-cigarette use is associated with unsuccessful rather than successful smoking cessation, which should be verified in additional, longitudinal, studies.

Lesueur, F. E. K., et al. (2019). "Plain tobacco packaging, increased graphic health warnings and adolescents' perceptions and initiation of smoking: DePICT, a French nationwide study." Tobacco Control 28(e1): e31-e36.
	Background: Plain packaging (PP) of tobacco products and increased graphic warnings may contribute to lower attractiveness of smoking, particularly among youths. In France, this policy was introduced on 1 January 2017. We examined changes in smoking-related perceptions and behaviours among a nationwide sample of French adolescents before (2016) and 1 year post (2017) implementation. Methods: DePICT is a two-wave cross-sectional national telephone survey of adolescents aged 12-17 years per study wave (2016: n=2046 2017: n=1999). All participants reported smoking-related perceptions, as well as ever and current tobacco use. Smokers were also asked about their perceptions of tobacco brands. Data were weighted to be representative of youths in the French population: adjusted prevalence ratios (PRs, 95%CI) estimating changes between the two study waves were calculated using multivariate log-binomial regression models. Results: In 2017, as compared with 2016, French adolescents were more likely to report fear of the consequences of smoking (PR=1.06, 95% CI 1.02 to 1.09) and that smoking is dangerous (PR=1.08, 95% CI 1.05 to 1.11). They were also less likely to report that their friends (PR=0.61, 95% CI 0.54 to 0.70) and family (PR=0.51, 95% CI 0.44 to 0.60) accept smoking. Additionally, smoking initiation significantly decreased (PR=0.96, 95% CI 0.93 to 0.98) and a non-statistically significant drop in current tobacco use was observed (PR=0.93, 95%CI 0.78 to 1.11). Smokers' attachment to their tobacco brand also decreased (PR=0.47, 95%CI 0.30 to 0.73). Conclusion: Our findings suggest that PP and increased graphic warnings could contribute to changes in smoking norms and rates among adolescents. This is an open access article distributed in accordance with the Creative Commons Attribution Non Commercial (CC BY-NC 4.0) license, which permits others to distribute, remix, adapt, build upon this work non-commercially, and license their derivative works on different terms, provided the original work is properly cited, appropriate credit is given, any changes made indicated, and the use is non-commercial.

Letourneau, E. J., et al. (2018). "Effects of juvenile sex offender registration on adolescent well-being: An empirical examination." Psychology, Public Policy, and Law 24(1): 105-117.
	[Correction Notice: An Erratum for this article was reported in Vol 24(1) of Psychology, Public Policy, and Law (see record 2017-56974-001). In the article, the department and affiliation were incorrectly listed for author Scott M. Walfield. The department and affiliation should have read Department of Criminal Justice, East Carolina University.] For decades, commentators have drawn attention to the potentially harmful effects of subjecting children to sex offender registration and notification policies. To date, however, these concerns have received limited empirical attention. This study is the first to compare registered and nonregistered children on several key domains in an effort to evaluate the unintended consequences of juvenile registration and notification. We surveyed 251 boys receiving treatment services for inappropriate or harmful sexual behavior, of whom 73 (29%) were or had been subjected to registration requirements. As predicted, Registered children reported more problems or fewer strengths on in the domains of mental health, peer relationships, and experiences with safety and victimization. Most notably, relative to Nonregistered children, Registered children reported significantly more severe suicidal cognitions and had higher odds of having recently attempted suicide in the past 30 days. Likewise, Registered children were 5 times more likely to have been approached by an adult for sex in the past year. Unexpectedly, Registered children also reported significantly greater perceived social support, perhaps reflecting efforts by family members and others to mitigate the harmful effects of registration. In combination with the available literature indicating that these policies do not improve public safety, the results of this study offer empirical support for the concerns expressed by those calling for the abolition of juvenile registration and notification policies. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2019 APA, all rights reserved)

Levine, S. J. and S. Dranoff (2016). "Jewish Community Studies as Seen Through a Business Lens." Contemporary Jewry 36(3): 381-393.
	As market researchers, we have spent the past 30-plus years addressing the questions that impact the success of organizations in the service and non-profit sectors. It should come as no surprise, then, that when we bring our business lens and thought processes to the field of Jewish community studies, we also bring methods, approaches, and outcomes that differ markedly from traditional studies. Even more important than our methods, however, is the marketing framework in which we position our Jewish community studies. As a result of our marketing mindset, we look at the issues Jewish communities wish to address, analyze the data, and then draw conclusions and recommendations based on our deep experience understanding buyer behavior, purchase decision-making, and the customer experience. With this article, we hope to shed light on a different way of thinking about Jewish community studies, stimulate healthy discussion about the relative merits of all approaches to the subject, and contribute to the strengthening of Jewish communities everywhere.

Li, J. and T. Hesketh (2019). "Prevalence, risk factors, and psychosomatic symptoms of bullying in Chinese adolescents in three provinces: a cross-sectional study." Lancet (British edition) 394(Suppl. 1).
	Background The risk factors and effects of bullying are well recognised in many countries, but evidence from China is scarce. This study aimed to investigate the prevalence and risk factors of traditional bullying and cyberbullying in Chinese middle school children (aged 12-15 years) and the psychosomatic symptoms associated with bullying. Methods A cross-sectional survey using a self-completion questionnaire was done in middle schools in urban and rural Zhejiang, Henan, and Chongqing provinces. In the schools, research assistants introduced the purpose and content of the survey, distributed the questionnaire and stayed in the classroom to respond to any queries. Ethical approval was obtained from the Medical Ethics Committee of Zhejiang University, School of Public Health, Hangzhou, China. Findings From May 20 to Sept 25, 2018, 12 schools in total participated. 3774 questionnaires were completed: the mean age of respondents was 13.58 years (SD 0.87 years). For traditional bullying, 1332 (35.3% identified as victims, and 341 (9.0%) as perpetrators. For cyberbullying, 1170 (31.0%) identified as victims, and 622 (16.5%) as perpetrators. After adjusting for confounders, risk factors for traditional victimisation or perpetration were male sex, rural residence, low academic performance, and a poor relationship with parents. Risk factors for being a victim or perpetrator of cyberbullying were male sex, boarding at school, and a poor relationship with parents. In terms of psychosomatic symptoms, 491 (13.0%) reported they often had headache, 607 (16.1%) abdominal pain, and 597 (15.8%) sleep problems. Traditional victims and cyber victims were more likely to have frequent headaches (adjusted odds ratio 1.3, 95% CI 1.2-1.5 for traditional victims; 1.5, 1.3-1.8 for cyber victims) and frequent abdominal pain (1.2, 1.1-1.4) for traditional victims; 1.3, 1.1-1.5 for cyber victims). Traditional victims (1.3, 1.1-1.5), traditional bullies (1.3, 1.0-1.6), and cyber victims (1.6, 1.4-1.9) were more likely to have frequent sleep problems. Interpretation The prevalence of bullying among Chinese adolescents is high and it is associated with psychosomatic conditions. Schools must take measures to raise awareness of bullying and to protect the most vulnerable adolescents. Funding Global Health Center of Zhejiang University.

Li, Q., et al. (2010). "Willingness to participate in HIV vaccine clinical trials among Chinese men who have sex with men." Vaccine 28(29): 4638-4643.
	HIV vaccine trials require volunteers. Little is known about willingness to participate (WTP) in HIV vaccine trials among Chinese MSM. A survey of 550 MSM was conducted from March to June 2008, in Beijing, China. Data were collected on demographics, behaviors, perceptions about HIV/AIDS and HIV vaccines, and concerns about participation in HIV vaccine clinical trials. Of study participants, 35.8% were definitely willing to participate, 35.1% were probably willing, 16.4% were probably not willing, and 12.7% were definitely not willing. Analyses suggest that perceived family support, perceived protection against HIV infection and fear that participation would result in social distancing were associated with WTP. MSM in China may be good candidates for HIV vaccine trials. Further studies are needed to evaluate actual enrollment.

Li, Y., et al. (2014). "Tetramine poisoning in China: changes over a decade viewed through the media's eye." BMC public health 14(842): (13 August 2014)-(2013 August 2014).
	Background: Tetramine, or tetramethylenedisulfotetramine, is an internationally banned compound that had been used primarily as a rodenticide. Despite its regulatory status, there are widespread reports of its intentional use in human poisonings, primarily in China, and often in mass poisonings. Enhanced governmental regulations were implemented in 2003 to further reduce the availability of tetramine, though the effects of these regulations, and the current use of tetramine, remains unknown. Methods: Reports from the website of the China News Agency were collected from 2000 to 2012. Details such as the location, date, and intent of the events were compared before and after the regulations were implemented. Results: There were a total of 148 events during the study period (95 from 2000 to 2003, and 53 after 2003). There were a total of 3526 victims, including 225 fatalities. The majority of the events were homicidal/terroristic in nature. The incidence of events fell after 2006. More poisoning events occurred in central China, such as Henan and Jiangsu province, and an increase was noted in April and September. Conclusion: Tetramine poisoning events, as reported in the national Chinese media, fell after the implementation of strict regulation on tetramine. The causal relationship is not known.

Liebig, S., et al. (2015). "Using Factorial Surveys to Study Justice Perceptions: Five Methodological Problems of Attitudinal Justice Research." Social Justice Research 28(4): 415-434.
	This article provides an overview of how factorial surveys have been used in justice research in the past. It addresses the question of why this method is particularly useful to survey attitudes toward justice. This question is discussed with reference to five problems of empirical justice research. For each of these problems, findings are presented from recent justice research that has used the factorial survey method, with a focus on assessing the allocation and distribution of goods (earnings/income, transfer payments, pensions) and burdens (taxes). The paper concludes with a discussion of future developments and possible applications in this research field.

Lightowlers, C. (2017). "Heterogeneity in Drinking Practices in England and Wales and Its Association With Violent Behavior: A Latent Class Analysis." Substance Use & Misuse 52(13): 1721-1732.
	Background: Crude single-item consumption metrics, such as “binge drinking” measures, mask the complexity and heterogeneity in young people's drinking; thus limiting our understanding of young people's drinking patterns as well as how alcohol drinking is associated with violent outcomes.Objectives: The current study employed a range of consumption and contextual indicators to explore heterogeneity in young people's (16–29 years) drinking practices, giving due consideration to their social nature. It also assessed to what extent heterogeneity in drinking practices was associated with violent outcomes.Methods: Employing data from the 2006 Offending Crime and Justice Survey, three measures of alcohol consumption and nine drinking context indicators were utilized within latent class analysis to create typologies of drinking practices among current drinkers in England and Wales (n= 2711) and examine their association with violent outcomes. The validity of the typologies was also assessed on age, sex, and socio-economic status.Results: Three discernible drinking profiles were identified: “regular social drinkers” (48%), “regular pub binge drinkers” (32%), and “moderate drinkers” (20%). The “regular pub binge drinkers” were found to be more than twice as likely to commit an assault offence (odds ratio = 2.8 95% CI [1.3, 6.2]) when compared to “moderate drinkers” and “regular social drinkers” (odds ratio = 2.2 95% CI [1.4, 3.4]).Conclusions: Interventions aimed at reducing alcohol-related violence ought to give due consideration to the social context of drinking as well as levels of consumption. [ABSTRACT FROM PUBLISHER]
Copyright of Substance Use & Misuse is the property of Taylor & Francis Ltd and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Liinavuori, A., et al. (2016). "Changes in dental fear among Finnish adults: a national survey." Community Dentistry and Oral Epidemiology 44(2): 128-134.
	Objectives: The aim of this study was to evaluate changes in dental fear among adult Finns aged 19 years and over at the beginning of the study in 2000-2011 in a nationally representative sample. Methods: The study was based on Health 2000 and 2011 Surveys by the National Institute for Health and Welfare in Finland. The Health 2000 Survey used a stratified two-stage cluster sampling design (N=9 922). Those who participated in 2000 (n=7 964) were invited to participate in 2011. The number of participants was 3 961. Dental fear was assessed by a single question: 'How afraid are you of visiting a dentist?' (not at all, somewhat, very much). Background variables included were age (categories 30-34, 35-39, 40-44, 45-54, 55-64, 65-74, 75+ years), gender, marital status (nonsingle, single), and education (basic, secondary, higher). To match the population sizes in different areas and thus forming a nationally representative data, the data were weighted based on age, gender, and area. General linear modeling for repeated measures was used to evaluate changes in dental fear and associations with background variables. Results: Between 2000 and 2011, dental fear decreased more often than increased among adults in Finland. Change from being very afraid to not at all afraid of visiting a dentist was most common in the oldest group. For most participants, dental fear remained stable; being very afraid of visiting a dentist was more stable among participants from 35 to 54 years of age than among younger or older participants. Conclusions: Dental fear is still common among adult Finns and it seems to depend on age. As the most obvious consequence of dental fear is avoidance of dental care, reducing dental fear should be taken into account when planning and reorienting oral healthcare services.

Liinavuori, A., et al. (2019). "Longitudinal interrelationships between dental fear and dental attendance among adult Finns in 2000-2011." Community Dentistry and Oral Epidemiology 47(4): 309-315.
	Objectives: The aim of this longitudinal study was to investigate causal pathways among as well as interrelationships between changes in dental fear and dental attendance in a nationally representative sample of adult Finns aged 19 years or older in 2000, with 11 years of follow-up. Methods: Data from the Health 2000 and 2011 Surveys (BRIF8901) in Finland were used. The Health 2000 survey used a stratified two-stage cluster sampling design (N=9742). Of the participants in 2000, 7964 were eligible and invited to participate in 2011. Of the participants in 2011 (n=5806), 3,631 (63%) responded to both dental fear and attendance questions in both years. Both fear and attendance were assessed using single questions and dichotomized. The background variables included were age, gender and education. Path analysis and logistic regression models were used. Results: Dental fear led to nonhabitual use of dental services rather than vice versa (-0.07 to 0.04 vs. 0.00). When confounders were considered, in both age groups (29-39 years and 40+ years) an increase in fear predicted nonhabitual dental attendance. This association was stronger among the younger age group (OR=4.91) than among those aged 40 years and older (OR=2.88). Among the younger age group, improved dental fear decreased the risk of nonhabitual dental attendance (OR=0.16), while among older age group, stable fear increased the risk of nonhabitual dental attendance (OR=2.33). Conclusions: Dental fear causes nonhabitual dental attendance, and decreasing dental fear increases habitual attendance. Oral health personnel should adapt measures to prevent and treat dental fear.

Lim, H., et al. (2019). "What Factors Are Important in Aversion to Education Debt?" Family and Consumer Sciences Research Journal 48(1): 5-21.
	This study examined the factors related to attitude toward education debt. Based on the conceptual framework of the multidimensional nature of attitude toward debt, empirical models were constructed with variables focused on debt utility and debt fear. Using the 2016 Survey of Consumer Finances dataset, this study found that debt utility variables, such as having a higher educational level and holding a student loan balance, were negatively associated with an aversion to education debt. However, debt fear variables, such as unfavorable attitudes about debt in general and not having applied for credit, were positively associated with aversion to education debt. Subgroup analyses across different income and educational levels showed that the negative relationship between education level and aversion to education debt was more evident in the high‐income group and that most of the debt utility and debt fear variables were statistically significant only in the lower education level. These results suggest that aspects of debt utility and fear of debt contribute to attitudes about education debt, but there is inconsistency across socioeconomic status.

Limburg, H., et al. (2009). "Cataract in Latin America: findings from nine recent surveys." Revista Panamericana de Salud Pública/Pan American Journal of Public Health 25(5): 449-455.
	Objectives: To review recent data on blindness and low vision due to cataract in Latin America. Methods: Presentation of findings from population-based prevalence surveys conducted between 1999 and 2006 in 9 Latin American countries covering 30 544 people aged 50 years and older. Results: Prevalence of cataract blindness in people 50 years and older ranged from 0.5% in Buenos Aires to 2.3% in four provinces of Guatemala. Low vision from cataract ranged from 0.9% in Buenos Aires to 10.7% in Piura and Tumbes Districts in Peru. Cataract surgical coverage (CSC) was good in Campinas, Brazil; low in Paraguay, Peru, and Guatemala; and moderate in the other areas. Good visual outcome after cataract surgery nearly conformed to World Health Organization (WHO) guidelines in Buenos Aires (more than 80% of operated eyes able to see 20/60 or better), but ranged from 60% to 79% in most of the other settings, and was less than 60% in Guatemala and Peru. "Unaware that treatment is possible," ''contraindications," "cannot afford," and "fear of operation" were the most common explanations for failure to come forward for surgery. Conclusions: In Campinas, Brazil, cataract is fairly well controlled. In Buenos Aires, the visual outcomes after cataract surgery nearly meet WHO standards. In most countries in Latin America, however, cataract intervention needs to be intensified and visual outcome improved. Reducing the costs of cataract surgery and providing effective health education and adequate program management are essential to combat the expected increase in visual impairment due to cataract in the region.

Lin, C. and Y. Liao (2017). "Perceptions of activity-supportive environment and motorcycle use among urban Taiwanese adults." BMC public health 17(665): (18 August 2017)-(2018 August 2017).
	Background: Although research has shown that numerous perceived environmental factors are supportive of physical activity, little is known about their associations with sedentary transport in motorcycle-oriented countries. This study examined the association between perceptions of Taiwan's environmental factors and urban adults' motorcycle use. Methods: Cross-sectional data from 1003 Taiwanese adults aged 20-64 years from three urban cities were collected through telephonic surveys in 2015. Data on motorcycle use, sociodemographic variables, and perceived environmental attributes were obtained. Logistic regression analyses were performed. Results: In Model 1, adults who perceived favorable access to public transport and destinations, presence of sidewalks, and safety from crimes at night were less likely to use motorcycles. In Model 2, in which potential covariates were additionally adjusted for, the same four environmental attributes (perceived favorable access to public transport and destinations, presence of sidewalks, and safety from crimes at night; odds ratio [OR]=0.46, 0.65, 0.63, 0.64, respectively) were significantly associated with motorcycle use. Conclusion: The investigated perceived environmental factors, which have previously been associated with facilitating active transportation, discourage sedentary modes of transport, such as motorized vehicles.

Lin, T. T. C. and J. R. Bautista (2016). "Predicting intention to take protective measures during haze: the roles of efficacy, threat, media trust, and affective attitude." Journal of Health Communication: International Perspectives 21(7): 790-799.
	The annual Southeast Asian haze pollution raises public health concerns in this region. Based on a modified extended parallel process model, this study examines efficacy (self-efficacy and response efficacy) and perceived threat (susceptibility and severity) and incorporates new constructs of media trust and affective attitude. Results from a Web survey of 410 undergraduate students in Singapore show that response efficacy to seek haze-related information mediates the association between perceived self-efficacy and intention to take protective measures during haze. Moreover, self-efficacy is negatively associated with affective attitude (e.g., fear and worry) toward haze-related health problems. Next, perceived severity and perceived susceptibility are positively associated with response efficacy and affective attitude. Affective attitude toward haze is a stronger predictor than response efficacy for behavioral intention. Finally, trust in new media is positively associated with young Singaporeans' affective attitude, which positively affects their behavioral intention to take protective measures.

Lindkvist, P., et al. (2015). "Fogging the issue of HIV - barriers for HIV testing in a migrated population from Ethiopia and Eritrea." BMC public health 15(82): (5 February 2015)-(2015 February 2015).
	Background: The outcome of HIV treatment has dramatically improved since the introduction of antiretroviral therapy. Studies confirm that if treatment of HIV is initiated when the immune system is not severely affected by the virus the prognosis for the outcome is significantly better. There is also evidence that many immigrants come late for their first HIV test. If found to be HIV positive, and if the immune system is already significantly affected, this will compromise the treatment outcome. This study was performed in an attempt to understand the barriers for early HIV testing in a migrant population from Ethiopia and Eritrea in Stockholm, Sweden. Methods: Participants were theoretically sampled and consisted of individuals who had immigrated from Ethiopia and Eritrea. Data were collected using 14 focus group discussions and seven semi-structured interviews. The analysis was performed according to a Grounded Theory approach using the paradigm model. Results: Denial and fear of knowing one's HIV status dominated all aspects of behavior in relation to HIV. The main strategy was a "fogging" of the issue of HIV. People were said to not want to know because this would bring social isolation and exclusion, and it was often believed that treatment did not help. This attitude had strong roots in their culture and past experiences that were brought along to the new country and maintained within the immigrant community. The length of time spent in Sweden seemed to be an important factor affecting the "fogging of the HIV issue". Conclusions: In bridging the gap between the two cultures, Swedish authorities need to find ways to meet the needs of both earlier and newly arrived immigrants as well as the second generation of immigrants. This will require adjusting and updating the information that is given to these different sub-groups of Ethiopian and Eritrean immigrants. Appropriate access to healthcare for a diverse population obviously requires more than simply providing the healthcare services.

Lindsay, J. (2012). "The gendered trouble with alcohol: young people managing alcohol related violence." International Journal of Drug Policy 23(3): 236-241.
	Background: Alcohol related violence is a troubling backdrop to the social lives and relationships of many young people in post-industrial societies. The development of the night-time economy where young people are encouraged to drink heavily in entertainment precincts has increased the risk of violence. Methods: This paper reports on 60 individual structured in-depth interviews about the drinking biographies of young people (aged 20-24) living in Victoria, Australia. Twenty-six males and 34 females participated in the research. The participants discussed their experiences with alcohol over their life course to date. The material on alcohol related violence is analysed in this paper. Results: Just over half of the participants (33/60) recounted negative experiences with alcohol related violence. The findings demonstrate the continuing gendered nature of experiences of perpetration and victimization. Participants reported that aggression and violence perpetrated by some men was fuelled by alcohol consumption and required ongoing management. Experiences of violence were also spatialized. Men were more likely to report managing and avoiding violence in particular public settings whilst more women than men discussed managing violence in domestic settings. Conclusion: The central argument of this paper is that incidents of alcohol related violence and reactions to it are specific gender performances that occur in specific socio-cultural contexts. In contrast to research which has found some young people enjoy the adventure and excitement of alcohol related violence the mainstream participants in this study saw violence as a negative force to be managed and preferably avoided. Understanding violence as a dynamic gender performance complicates the development of policy measures designed to minimize harm but also offers a more holistic approach to developing effective policy in this domain. There is a need for greater acknowledgement that alcohol related violence in public venues and in families is primarily about particular performances of masculinity and this is where policy should be targeted in addition to venue based interventions.

Linnhoff, S., et al. (2017). "An examination of Millennials' attitudes toward genetically modified organism (GMO) foods: is it Franken-food or super-food?" International Journal of Agricultural Resources, Governance and Ecology 13(4): 371-390.
	This study reports on a survey of Millennials in the USA regarding GMO foods. Potential benefits of GMO food crops include improving agricultural productivity, such as insect-resistant and drought-resistant crops, and alleviating world hunger, particularly in developing countries. Scientific research fully supports the health and safety of GMO foods. However, opponents to GMO foods still exist, some motivated by economic self-interest and others by fear of science and technology. The debate over GMO foods is widely considered the single-biggest issue facing modern agriculture, characterised as a clash between pro-science and anti-science forces, the outcome having ramifications extending far beyond agriculture and GMOs. To effectively market GMO foods to Millennials and others, agricultural producers, distributors, and food retailers will need to educate consumers about the overwhelming scientific support for the health benefits and safety of GMO foods.

Linton, S. L., et al. (2017). "Social causation and neighborhood selection underlie associations of neighborhood factors with illicit drug-using social networks and illicit drug use among adults relocated from public housing." Social Science & Medicine 185: 81-90.
	Theories of social causation and social influence, which posit that neighborhood and social network characteristics are distal causes of substance use, are frequently used to interpret associations among neighborhood characteristics, social network characteristics and substance use. These associations are also hypothesized to result from selection processes, in which substance use determines where people live and who they interact with. The potential for these competing selection mechanisms to co-occur has been underexplored among adults. This study utilizes path analysis to determine the paths that relate census tract characteristics (e.g., economic deprivation), social network characteristics (i.e., having ≥1 illicit drug-using network member) and illicit drug use, among 172 African American adults relocated from public housing in Atlanta, Georgia and followed from 2009 to 2014 (7 waves). Individual and network-level characteristics were captured using surveys. Census tract characteristics were created using administrative data. Waves 1 (pre-relocation), 2 (1st wave post-relocation), and 7 were analyzed. When controlling for individual-level sociodemographic factors, residing in census tracts with prior economic disadvantage was significantly associated with illicit drug use at wave 1; illicit drug use at wave 1 was significantly associated with living in economically-disadvantaged census tracts at wave 2; and violent crime at wave 2 was associated with illicit drug-using social network members at wave 7. Findings from this study support theories that describe social causation and neighborhood selection processes as explaining relationships of neighborhood characteristics with illicit drug use and illicit drug-using social networks. Policies that improve local economic and social conditions of neighborhoods may discourage substance use. Future studies should further identify the barriers that prevent substance users from obtaining housing in less disadvantaged neighborhoods.

Littleton, H., et al. (2019). "Evaluation of the Sexual Experiences Survey—Revised as a screening measure for sexual assault victimization among college students." Psychology of Violence 9(5): 555-563.
	Objective: The Sexual Experiences Survey—Revised (SES-R) is considered the “gold standard” for screening for sexual victimization experiences in adults. However, research studies examining the psychometrics of this instrument are scant. This article examines response consistency among individuals endorsing a sexual victimization history on the SES-R, as well as examines the extent to which the SES-R yields true and false positives. Method: A total of 1,263 college students completed the SES-R victimization items online for course credit. A total of 189 individuals who endorsed having a sexual victimization history on the SES-R completed the measure online again after a period of 1–4 weeks, as well as provided a written description of their sexual victimization experience. Results: Consistency in responses to the SES-R was overall moderate (κs = .33–.69). Examination of the written descriptions provided suggested that 79.7% of endorsements on the SES-R reflected true positives and 20.2% represented false positives. However, agreement regarding the type of sexual victimization experienced between responses on the SES-R and written descriptions was moderate, with the strongest level of agreement among individuals who endorsed a completed rape history on the SES-R (60%). Conclusions: The SES-R is a useful tool for screening for sexual victimization history, but caution should be exercised when inferring both overall victimization rates as well as specific types of victimization based on SES-R responses alone. Several modifications to the SES-R item content and administration format could potentially reduce problems with response inconsistency and false positives. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2019 APA, all rights reserved)

Liu, M., et al. (2017). "Comparing acquiescent and extreme response styles in face-to-face and web surveys." Quality and Quantity 51(2): 941-958.
	Likert scales are popular for measuring attitudes, but response style, a source of measurement error associated with this type of question, can result in measurement bias. This study investigates the effect of data collection mode on both types of response styles using data from the 2012 American National Election Studies (ANES). 2012 was the 1 year in which ANES conducted two parallel surveys, one through face-to-face interviews and another through Web, using two independent national probability samples and an identical questionnaire. We used three sets of balanced Likert scales from the survey to measure the acquiescent and extreme response styles. Using the latent class analysis modeling approach, we find that: (1) both acquiescent and extreme response styles exist in both face-to-face and Web survey modes; (2) face-to-face respondents demonstrate more acquiescent and extreme response styles than Web respondents; (3) the mode effect is similar for white, black and Hispanic respondents.

Liu, W., et al. (2018). "The Relationship Between Parents’ Intimate Partner Victimization and Youths’ Adolescent Relationship Abuse." Journal of Youth & Adolescence 47(2): 321-333.
	Witnessing inter-parental intimate partner violence has been found to be associated with adolescents’ own relationship abuse. This study investigates the relationship between patterns of inter-parental intimate partner verbal and physical violence victimization reported by parents and their children’s reports of dating abuse experiences and behavior. Latent class analysis was performed on a sample of 610 parents (42% male and 67% white) and their dating adolescent children (ages 12–21 years; 52% male). Parents reported five types of victimization by their partners in the past year, while youth concurrently reported their own victimization and perpetration within their dating relationships. Three profiles of parents’ intimate partner victimization were related to youth relationship abuse experiences and behaviors. Children of parents who experienced verbal abuse were more likely to experience similar patterns in their own relationships, whereas children of parents who report physical and verbal abuse were more likely to report psychological, physical and sexual abusive encounters in their partnerships. Findings indicate that parents’ relationship quality and abusive behaviors may have a long lasting effect on their children as they enter mid and late adolescence. Parents should pay attention to their own relationship quality and behavior even as their teen-age children gain independence. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Journal of Youth & Adolescence is the property of Springer Nature and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Lock, A. L., et al. (2012). "Parent perceptions of paediatric oncology services at the Eric Williams Medical Sciences Complex, Trinidad and Tobago." West Indian Medical Journal 61(1): 32-36.
	Objective: To assess the perceptions of parents of children with cancer and to determine level of satisfaction with the paediatric oncology services at the Eric Williams Medical Sciences Complex (EWMSC). Design and Methods: Parents of children with cancer were surveyed during the period 12-27 October 2009 as part of a wider needs assessment project using a questionnaire designed to obtain information on their perception of medical, physical and psychosocial resources during the family encounter at the EWMSC. Results: Overall, parents expressed a high level of satisfaction with the quality of delivery of medical and pharmaceutical services which were at no direct cost to the patient. Issues of concern included a lack of a structured clinic appointment system, inadequate patient care assistance on the ward for very young patients and the housing of non-oncology patients in the oncology specialty unit. Apart from their child's illness, fear of job and income loss was a major stressor for parents. Conclusion: Medical needs of patients were perceived to be well met, but there was need to address the psychosocial, physical and educational needs of parents.

Lockwood, R., et al. (2019). "The Influence of Evidence on Animal Cruelty Prosecution and Case Outcomes: Results of a Survey." Journal of Forensic Sciences 64(6): 1687-1692.
	Two hundred prosecuting attorneys completed a survey concerning priorities in taking on animal cruelty cases and the factors that help or hinder prosecuting such cases. Respondents commented on the priority given such cases. Questions also addressed specific kinds of evidence that had been used to decide whether to take on a cruelty case and were used in court. Results showed that prosecutors most frequently relied upon "traditional" sources of evidence, including detailed medical and crime scene reports and good quality photographic evidence. Other sources of forensic evidence such as DNA, computer forensics, forensic accounting, blood, and trace evidence were rarely employed. Veterinary forensic evidence, including forensic necropsies and detailed medical reports, was viewed as an important factor by a majority of prosecutors in deciding whether to accept a case for prosecution and in achieving a successful outcome, but a need for additional training for investigators was indicated. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Journal of Forensic Sciences is the property of Wiley-Blackwell and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

López, E. Á., et al. (2010). "Detección de la Violencia contra la Pareja por Profesionales de la Salud." Screening for Intimate Partner Violence by Health Professionals. 20: 31-41.
	Intimate partner violence (IPV) is a source of distress for women who suffer it and often it cause somatic, social and psychological problems. Professionals working in health care facilities frequently attend these women in their clinical practice, so they play a relevant role in detection and care of IPV. The main aim in this study was to explore how physicians, psychiatrists and psychologists detect IPV in their practice. We lead a survey in a sample composed by 346 professionals of Catalonia. We analyze their opinion about detection task, the methods they use, the actions they take and, difficulties they usually find. Our results suggest that most professionals see IPV's cases in their practice. Although they consider screening as part of their duties, they do not make routine or structure screenings, neither they screen it in the first meeting, nor with direct questions. The screening depends significantly on the presence of IPV signs or indicators. (English) [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
La violencia contra la pareja (VCP) es fuente de malestar en la mujer que la sufre y a menudo se traduce en problemas somáticos, sociales y/o psicológicos. Los profesionales que trabajan en el ámbito de la salud frecuentemente atienden a estas mujeres en su práctica clínica, por lo que juegan un papel relevante en la detección y atención de la VCP. Este estudio explora la práctica de la detección mediante una encuesta administrada a una muestra de 346 profesionales de la medicina, psiquiatría y psicología de Cataluña. Se analiza su opinión sobre la detección, los métodos que emplean, las actuaciones que realizan y las dificultades con que se encuentran. Los resultados sugieren que la mayoría de los profesionales se encuentran con casos de VCP. Aunque consideran que la detección forma parte de sus funciones y exploran la VCP, no suelen hacerlo de forma rutinaria ni pautada, no la realizan en la primera visita ni con preguntas directas, sino que depende en gran medida de la presencia de indicios. (Spanish) [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Anuario de Psicologia Juridica is the property of Colegio Oficial de Psicologos de Madrid and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Loveday, B. (2017). "Still plodding along? The police response to the changing profile of crime in England and Wales." International Journal of Police Science & Management 19(2): 101-109.
	This article considers the new demands placed on police forces arising from the dramatic increase in the numbers of cases of fraud and cybercrime. It assesses the ability – or current difficulty – of the police to respond to this development. The article is directed towards a growing requirement for substantial internal police reform that goes well beyond anything contemplated heretofore. The article draws on the recent and important Her Majesty’s Inspectorate of Constabulary (HMIC) PEEL Review of police efficiency, which for the first time, has raised the question of identifying not just police capacity, but also police force capability. It is evident that although police forces can quickly identify capacity (ranks and police numbers), they experience great difficulty in relation to capability. This relates to the police response to the ‘new’ forms of crime that are now replacing traditional acquisitive crime. Recent cases include the 2016 cyber-attack on Tesco Bank in which £2.5 million was stolen from 9,000 bank accounts, and a major cyber-attack in the same year that disrupted internet services across Europe and the USA. The article seeks to identify current police responses to this development and also highlight the real challenge this problem represents. It recognizes the competing demands made on the police, but suggests that fraud and cybercrime now constitute the greatest threat confronting the police service in England and Wales. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of International Journal of Police Science & Management is the property of Sage Publications, Ltd. and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Lovelace, S. and F. Rabiee-Khan (2015). "Food choices made by low-income households when feeding their pre-school children: a qualitative study." Maternal and Child Nutrition 11(4): 870-881.
	The growing concern about poor dietary practices among low-income families has led to a 'victim blaming' culture that excludes wider social and environmental factors, which influence household food choices. This small-scale qualitative study investigated influences on the diets of young children in families on a low income in the West Midlands, UK. Using semi-structured interview schedule, rich data was gathered through individual interviews with 11 mothers of pre-school children. Information was collected about the type and range of food given following the introduction of solid foods including factors influencing parent's knowledge and diet, sources of nutrition advice and financial constraints. Food accessibility and storage issues were also explored. Interviews were audio-recorded, transcribed and analysed using a modified grounded theory approach. Findings highlighted that parents and professionals may have different interpretations about 'cooking from scratch'. The results indicated that some parents have poor understanding of what constitutes a healthy diet. However, most parents included fruit and vegetables to varying degrees and were motivated to give their children healthy foods, suggesting that, with adequate support and information, the diets of these children could be improved. There was evidence that when striving to improve the diet of their children, many parents' diets also improved. The findings from this small-scale in-depth study highlighted a number of issues for local and national policy and practice in the area of nutrition and child health in the early years.

Lowenstein, A., et al. (2009). "Is elder abuse and neglect a social phenomenon? Data from the First National Prevalence Survey in Israel." Journal of Elder Abuse & Neglect 21(3): 253-277.
	This article discusses findings from the First National Survey on Elder Abuse and Neglect in Israel, conducted during 2004-2005 under the sponsorship of The Association for Planning and Development of Services for the Aged in Israel (ESHEL) and the National Insurance Institute. The goals were to examine the prevalence and severity of various forms of abuse and neglect from the victims' perspective, to examine correlates and predictors, and to develop profiles of elders at risk. Data were collected through personal interviews from a national representative sample of community urban dwellers age 65 and older, using cluster sampling techniques and sampling proportionately both Arab and Jewish elders. The sample was composed of 392 males and 650 females, 89% were Jews and 11% were non-Jews. The instrument included socio-demographic data, health and activities of daily living (ADL), a measure of safety, and a battery to examine seven types of abuse (physical, emotional, verbal, limitation of freedom, financial exploitation, sexual, and neglect). Findings indicate that 18.4% of the respondents were exposed to at least one type of abuse during the 12 months preceding the interview, the highest form being verbal abuse followed by financial exploitation. The rates were quite similar between Jews and Arabs. Women were more exposed to physical violence and Arab women were the most vulnerable. Physical, emotional, verbal, limitation of freedom, and sexual abuse occurred mostly among partners. The rates of physical, sexual, and limitation of freedom abuse, however, were relatively low. Financial exploitation was mostly inflicted by adult children. Partners as perpetrators had more chronic health problems and physical and mental disabilities. Children as perpetrators were unemployed, had various mental health problems, and were substance abusers, often in a process of separation or divorce and tended to live with the victims. Neglect in answering primary needs was found among 20% of the sample, regarding the 3 months preceding the interview. This high rate might be related to elders tending to avoid seeking help or sharing their needs with their families. When victims sought help it was mostly from medical and health services. The findings thus corroborate that elder abuse and neglect is a social problem in Israeli society and has to be addressed in policy discourse and service developments.

Lu, Y.-F., et al. (2013). "Exploring the Utility of Self-Control Theory for Risky Behavior and Minor Delinquency Among Chinese Adolescents." Journal of Contemporary Criminal Justice 29(1): 32-52.
	Although scholarly interest in empirically assessing Gottfredson and Hirschi’s (1990) self-control theory continues to grow, there is little research available on evaluating its utility in China. The current study examines the power of self-control theory as an explanation of juvenile minor risky behavior as well as minor delinquent behaviors in China, while simultaneously considering the role of social bonds. The data were collected from a probability sample of 7th, 8th, and 9th graders in Hangzhou, China (N = 1,043) using the second International Self-Report Delinquency (ISRD-2) survey instrument. The results from the logistic regression analyses show that self-control is associated with both measures of Chinese youth deviance in the expected direction, suggesting that the youth with low self-control have a higher likelihood to report minor risky and delinquent behavior. The effects of self-control remain when controlling for social bonding measures. Among the social bonding factors, beliefs (pro-violence attitude) and family bonding were found to be the significant predictors of risky behavior and minor delinquency, respectively. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Journal of Contemporary Criminal Justice is the property of Sage Publications Inc. and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Lub, V. and T. de Leeuw (2017). "Perceptions of Neighbourhood Safety and Policy Response: A Qualitative Approach." European Journal on Criminal Policy and Research 23(3): 425-440.
	Safety perceptions of residents are often analysed through surveys and compared with factual crime developments. Using the Dutch city of Rotterdam as an urban context of improved crime levels, this article provides a critique on standardised surveys in the research of safety perceptions and its presupposed connection to factual crime. Contrasting survey results from the Rotterdam Safety Index with qualitative data from 64 in-depth interviews in four districts, the qualitative narrative contradicts findings from the survey and implies more nuanced and diversified policy responses to safety issues. Because of the tendency of surveys to connect safety perceptions to factual crime, their unsuitability to catch subtle perceptions and their inability to expose new viewpoints, we argue for de-quantification: a lesser dependency on--but not a repeal of--survey data in this area, supplemented by a periodic qualitative approach in the research of crime and safety information (qualitative monitoring).

Lub, V. and T. Leeuw (2017). "Perceptions of Neighbourhood Safety and Policy Response: A Qualitative Approach." European Journal on Criminal Policy & Research 23(3): 425-440.
	Safety perceptions of residents are often analysed through surveys and compared with factual crime developments. Using the Dutch city of Rotterdam as an urban context of improved crime levels, this article provides a critique on standardised surveys in the research of safety perceptions and its presupposed connection to factual crime. Contrasting survey results from the Rotterdam Safety Index with qualitative data from 64 in-depth interviews in four districts, the qualitative narrative contradicts findings from the survey and implies more nuanced and diversified policy responses to safety issues. Because of the tendency of surveys to connect safety perceptions to factual crime, their unsuitability to catch subtle perceptions and their inability to expose new viewpoints, we argue for de-quantification: a lesser dependency on-but not a repeal of-survey data in this area, supplemented by a periodic qualitative approach in the research of crime and safety information (qualitative monitoring). [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of European Journal on Criminal Policy & Research is the property of Springer Nature and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Lucas, S., et al. (2016). "Bully, bullied and abused. associations between violence at home and bullying in childhood." Scandinavian Journal of Public Health 44(1): 27-35.
	Aims: The aim was to examine experiences of bullying among Swedish adolescents and whether victims and perpetrators were also exposed to violence in the home, with particular focus on how abuse severity affected the risk of exposure to bullying. Methods: A nationally representative sample of pupils aged 14-15 responded to a questionnaire exploring exposure to corporal punishment and other types of violence. Results were analysed using Pearson's chi-square and multiple logistic regression, adjusting for factors regarding the child, the parents and the families' socioeconomic status. Results: Among the 3197 respondents, a significant proportion reported at least one incident of either bullying victimisation (girls 36%, boys 26%) or bullying perpetration (girls 24%, boys 36%). Physical and emotional violence in the home, including witnessed intimate partner violence, were significantly associated with both bullying victimisation and bullying perpetration. Odds ratios for exposure to bullying rose with increasing frequency and severity of abuse. Adjusted odds ratios ranged from 1.6 for any event of abuse vs. single episodes of bullying to 20.3 for multiple types of abuse vs. many episodes of bullying. The child's gender and the presence of a chronic health condition were consistently associated with nearly all levels of abuse and bullying. Conclusions: Bullying experiences are common among youth and are clearly associated with abuse. Frequent bullying, whether as victim or perpetrator, warrants particular vigilance, as it appears to be an indicator of severe violence in the home.

Luginaah, I. N., et al. (2016). "Timing and utilization of antenatal care services in Liberia: understanding the pre-Ebola epidemic context." Social Science & Medicine 160: 75-86.
	In Liberia, 75% of those who died from 2014 Ebola epidemic were women and the effects of this gruelling epidemic were more severely felt by pregnant women. This immediately raised fears about the long-term impacts of the epidemic on maternal and child health. As part of a larger study, this paper uses Andersen's behavioural model of health care utilization and Goffman's stigma theory to explain the timing and utilization of maternal health services before the outbreak of the Ebola epidemic as a background to the potential long-term effects on maternal health. We conducted survival and multiple regression analysis using the 2007 (N=3524) and 2013 (N=5127) Liberia's Demographic and Health Survey (LDHS) data. Our sample consisted of women of reproductive age (15-49 years) that had given birth in the last five years preceding the survey year. The findings show that from 2007 to 2013, there was an overall improvement in the timing of first antenatal care (ANC) visits (TR=0.92, p&lt;0.001), number of ANC visits and delivery with skilled birth attendants. The results also show county and regional disparities in the utilization of ANC services with South Eastern A region emerging as a relatively vulnerable place. Also, access to ANC services defined by distance to a health facility strongly predicted utilization. We argue that the Ebola epidemic likely eroded many of the previous gains in maternal health care, and may have left a lingering negative effect on the access and utilization of maternal health services in the long-term. The study makes relevant policy recommendations.

Lundholm, L., et al. (2015). "Anabolic androgenic steroids and violent offending: confounding by polysubstance abuse among 10 365 general population men." Addiction 110(1): 100-108.
	Background and Aims Anabolic androgenic steroid ( AAS) use is associated with aggressive and violent behaviour, but it remains uncertain if this relationship is causal in humans. We examined the link between AAS use and violent crime while controlling for polysubstance abuse and additional suggested risk factors for violence. Design Cross-sectional study of a population-based sample. Setting In 2005, all Swedish-born male twins aged 20-47 years were invited to participate in the Swedish Twin Adults: Genes and Environment ( STAGE) survey of the Swedish Twin Register (response rate = 60%). Participants A total of 10 365 male survey participants with information on AAS use. Measurement Data on self-reported use of AAS, alcohol and other substances, attention deficit hyperactivity disorder ( ADHD) and personality disorder symptoms were linked to nation-wide, longitudinal register information on criminal convictions, IQ, psychological functioning and childhood socio-economic status ( SES) covariates. Findings Any life-time use of AAS was associated strongly with conviction for a violent crime [2.7 versus 0.6% in convicted and non-convicted men, respectively; odds ratio ( OR) = 5.0, 95% confidence interval ( CI) = 2.7-9.3]. However, this link was substantially reduced and no longer significant when controlling for other substance abuse ( OR = 1.6, 95% CI = 0.8-3.3). Controlling for IQ, psychological functioning, ADHD, personality disorder symptoms and childhood SES did not reduce the risk further. Conclusion In the general population, co-occurring polysubstance abuse, but not IQ, other neuropsychological risks or socio-economic status, explains most of the relatively strong association between any anabolic androgenic steroid use and conviction for a violent crime. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Addiction is the property of Wiley-Blackwell and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Lutzky-Cohen, N. and M. Schneider (2017). "Who is interested in animal-assisted therapy (AAT)? Features of future psychotherapists and psychologists." Human-Animal Interaction Bulletin 5(2): 74-89.
	Previous research has established benefits to incorporating AAT in psychotherapy (e.g., Chandler, 2012). A growing interest in animal-assisted therapy (AAT) among mental healthcare practitioners (Rossetti & King, 2010) warrants a deeper investigation into the features of future psychotherapists who are interested in AAT and how they differ from those who are not interested in AAT. Responses were obtained from 224 counselling and clinical psychology graduate students from across Canada (mean age 29.9; 88% females). The online survey revealed that participants with higher motivation to use AAT were more likely to be female, older, counselling students, live with companion animals, and have experience with AAT. Participants recognized many advantages of using AAT, such as improving health and reducing stress in clients. However, participants also identified important barriers to using AAT, such as clients' allergies or fears of animals. Exploring the profiles of those interested in AAT, what interests them and how they perceive AAT, can help AAT training programs attract potential clients and tailor materials appropriately. Furthermore, it can increase future psychotherapists' awareness of this therapy.

Lyall, J., et al. (2013). "Explaining Support for Combatants during Wartime: A Survey Experiment in Afghanistan." American Political Science Review 107(4): 679-705.
	How are civilian attitudes toward combatants affected by wartime victimization? Are these effects conditional on which combatant inflicted the harm? We investigate the determinants of wartime civilian attitudes towards combatants using a survey experiment across 204 villages in five Pashtun-dominated provinces of Afghanistan--the heart of the Taliban insurgency. We use endorsement experiments to indirectly elicit truthful answers to sensitive questions about support for different combatants. We demonstrate that civilian attitudes are asymmetric in nature. Harm inflicted by the International Security Assistance Force (ISAF) is met with reduced support for ISAF and increased support for the Taliban, but Taliban-inflicted harm does not translate into greater ISAF support. We combine a multistage sampling design with hierarchical modeling to estimate ISAF and Taliban support at the individual, village, and district levels, permitting a more fine-grained analysis of wartime attitudes than previously possible.

Lynch, J. (2014). "The Evolving Role of Self-Report Surveys of Criminal Victimization in a System of Statistics on Crime and the Administration of Justice." Statistical Journal of the IAOS 30(3): 165-169.
	Routinely collected statistics on crime and the administration of justice are essential for developing laws and policies that are responsive to the crime problem and for holding criminal justice agencies accountable in the execution of those policies. Any statistical system on crime and the administration of justice should include the opportunity for the direct participation of citizens in providing information on the crime problem. This direct participation enhances our ability to check on administrative record data and bolsters the legitimacy of these statistics more generally. Victimization surveys allow citizens to have this direct participation. The specific role of victimization surveys in a statistical system will depend upon the credibility and technical proficiencies of the police, court and correctional agencies. This paper describes the preferred role of victimization surveys and the technological challenges in playing that role under different conditions of legitimacy and technical capabilities.

Lynch, K. R., et al. (2018). ""People will bury their guns before they surrender them": implementing domestic violence gun control in rural, Appalachian versus urban communities." Rural Sociology 83(2): 315-346.
	Though gun violence is a global issue, the risk of firearm death is substantially higher in the United States than in other high-income nations. Guns are deeply rooted within American culture; however, different subcultures exist along the urban-rural divide. Such differences between urban and rural communities related to gun culture have been dubbed "firearm localism." We investigated firearm localism in a state that has the highest proportion of firearm-related domestic violence homicide and a large rural area representing a subgroup of rural culture: Appalachia. Specifically, key professionals reported issues related to domestic violence gun control in their communities. We conducted phone and in-person surveys with a sample of community professionals (N=133) working in victim services and the justice system in urban and Appalachian communities. Despite evidence of a strong gun culture in the rural communities, both urban and rural professionals estimated that about two-thirds of their community would support restricting abusers' firearm access. Additionally, rural professionals were more likely to show concern for abusers' Second Amendment rights when discussing unintended negative consequences of gun confiscation; urban professionals were more likely to point out that gun confiscation can provide a false sense of security for victims. Policy implications are discussed.

Lynch, M. J. and T. N. Richards (2011). "State correctional policy survey: what state correctional departments say they do." Journal of Crime & Justice 34(2): 139-158.
	Contemporary discussions of correctional systems have been based on an assumption concerning the goals of those systems. These assumptions, which have been drawn from philosophical perspectives and unstructured observations of correctional practices, suggest that correctional practices follow specific policy goals such as protecting the public. Actual state correctional policies related to correctional goals have not, surprisingly, been assessed to ascertain the validity of these theoretical assumptions about correctional policy. This research investigates correctional goals' alignment with accepted penal philosophies by examining the mission statements of each US department of corrections. Using qualitative content analysis key words and phrases were extracted from each mission statement (N = 50) and categorized to provide a count of correctional goals and an examination of patterns across state correctional systems and across various missions. Results indicate 16 different correctional goals identified by states' departments of corrections. Not surprisingly, the most frequently cited correctional goals include: protecting the public, providing the secure confinement of offenders, and offering opportunities for rehabilitation. Findings further describe missions that are the least cited by states as well as clusters of missions that frequently co-occur. Implications and opportunities for future research are also discussed. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Journal of Crime & Justice is the property of Taylor & Francis Ltd and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Lynn, P., et al. (2014). "Panel Attrition: How Important is Interviewer Continuity?" Journal of Official Statistics 30(3): 443-457.
	We assess whether the probability of a sample member cooperating at a particular wave of a panel survey is greater if the same interviewer is deployed as at the previous wave. Previous research on this topic mainly uses nonexperimental data. Consequently, a) interviewer change is generally nonrandom, and b) continuing interviewers are more experienced by the time of the next wave. Our study is based on a balanced experiment in which both interviewer continuity and experience are controlled. Multilevel multiple membership models are used to explore the effects of interviewer continuity on refusal rate as well as interactions of interviewer continuity with other variables. We find that continuity reduces refusal propensity for younger respondents but not for older respondents, and that this effect depends on the age of the interviewer. This supports the notion that interviewer continuity may be beneficial in some situations, but not necessarily in others.

Macek, M. D. and S. L. Tomar (2009). "Dental care visits among dentate adults with diabetes and periodontitis." Journal of Public Health Dentistry 69(4): 284-289.
	Objectives: Two national surveys have shown that dentate adults with diabetes are less likely to visit a dentist than are those without diabetes; one survey showed this association only among women. We hypothesize that periodontal health among those with diabetes could explain this disparity. This report investigates the influence of periodontitis on the association between diabetes and dental care visits. It also tests whether disparities are limited to women. Methods: Data from the 1999-2004 National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey were used. Covariates included age, sex, race/ethnicity, poverty status, education level, dental insurance, and periodontitis status. Weighted analyses were limited to dentate adults aged ≥25 years. Results: Overall, 56.8 percent of dentate adults with diabetes reported having a dental care visit in the preceding year compared with 64.7 percent for those without diabetes. In a multivariable model, diabetes status was significantly associated with having a dental care visit, independent of periodontitis status and covariates. Neither periodontitis status nor sex served as effect modifiers for the association between diabetes status and dental care visits. Conclusions: These data revealed that dental care visits for dentate adults with diabetes were unrelated to their periodontal health, suggesting that fear of periodontal therapy did not influence visit patterns. These data also showed that dental care visit disparities existed for all adults with diabetes, not just women. Future research should investigate whether factors that are indirectly related to diabetes status, such as competing costs, attitudes, and knowledge, are influencing dental care visit patterns among dentate adults with diabetes.

Machisa, M. and S. Shamu (2018). "Mental ill health and factors associated with men's use of intimate partner violence in Zimbabwe." BMC public health 18(376): (20 March 2018)-(2020 March 2018).
	Background: Over the years, researchers have relied on data from women victims to understand the profile on male perpetrators of intimate partner violence (IPV). IPV studies with male participants in the general population are still emerging in Africa. The contribution of mental ill health to IPV perpetration in the general population that has been documented elsewhere is emergent. Notwithstanding, research with male perpetrators is essential to informing effective prevention programmes and interventions. To contribute to the emerging literature on male perpetrators, we conducted a study to estimate the prevalence and factors associated with IPV perpetration by men in heterosexual relationships. We also modelled pathways to IPV perpetration using data from Zimbabwe. Methods: Data were collected through a nationwide survey employing a random and multi-staged sampling method. We recruited and administered a structured questionnaire to 2838 men aged 18 years and above. IPV was measured using an adapted WHO Domestic Violence Questionnaire. Determinants of IPV measured included child abuse, alcohol abuse, post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD), depressive symptoms, personal gender attitudes and risky sexual behaviours. Multivariate regression modelling was used to assess factors associated with IPV perpetration. Structural equation modelling was used to explore the underlying pathways to recent IPV perpetration. Results: Forty one percent of men had perpetrated IPV in their lifetime and 8.8% percent of men perpetrated IPV in the 12 months before the survey. Older, more educated men, men who binge drank, men who were abused as children or experienced other life traumatic experiences were more likely to perpetrate IPV in lifetime. Depressive symptoms and sexual relationship power (were also associated with lifetime IPV perpetration). IPV perpetration in the last 12 months was associated with binge drinking, PTSD and sexual relationship power. The pathways to IPV perpetration in the last 12 months from child abuse to recent IPV were mediated by comorbid PTSD symptoms, depression binge drinking and sexual relationship power. Conclusions: IPV perpetration was associated with child abuse history, mental ill health, sexual relationship power and personal gender attitudes. Interventions to reduce IPV need to engage men to address gender inequality, mental ill health and reduce alcohol consumption.

Mackenzie, G., et al. (2012). "Sentencing and public confidence: Results from a national Australian survey on public opinions towards sentencing." Australian & New Zealand Journal of Criminology (Sage Publications Ltd.) 45(1): 45-65.
	This paper examines the critical issue of public confidence in sentencing, and presents findings from Phase I of an Australia-wide sentencing and public confidence project. Phase I comprised a nationally representative telephone survey of 6005 participants. The majority of respondents expressed high levels of punitiveness and were dissatisfied with sentences imposed by the courts. Despite this, many were strongly supportive of the use of alternatives to imprisonment for a range of offences. These nuanced views raise questions regarding the efficacy of gauging public opinion using opinion poll style questions; indeed the expected outcome from this first phase of the four phase sentencing and public confidence project. The following phases of this project, reported on elsewhere, examined the effects of various interventions on the robustness and nature of these views initially expressed in a standard ‘top of the head’ opinion poll. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Australian & New Zealand Journal of Criminology (Sage Publications Ltd.) is the property of Sage Publications, Ltd. and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

MacLeod, C. A., et al. (2019). "Re-thinking social exclusion in later life: a case for a new framework for measurement." Ageing and Society 39(1): 74-111.
	Social exclusion is a dynamic multi-dimensional process that is interactive in nature. The complex interplay between domains, whereby each domain can act as a determinant, indicator and/or outcome of social exclusion, hinders understanding of the process and the mechanisms through which social exclusion exists. This article highlights the need to disentangle these pathways and move beyond descriptive accounts of social exclusion, presenting a new working framework that allows direct hypothesis testing of these between-domain relationships. Whilst this working framework can be applied to any population, this article focuses on older adults. Life events that can drive social exclusion such as bereavement and changes in health are more likely to occur in later life, and occur more frequently, increasing the risk of social exclusion for this population. Rooted in the new working framework, this article presents the construction of later life social exclusion measures for use with Understanding Society – the United Kingdom Household Longitudinal Study. The validity of these measures are considered by examining the characteristics of those aged 65 years and over who score the highest, and therefore experience the greatest level of exclusion. This new working framework and developed social exclusion measures provide a platform from which to explore the complex relationships between domains of social exclusion and ultimately provide a clearer understanding of this intricate multi-dimensional process.

Macnab, A. J., et al. (2009). "Asphyxial games or "the choking game": a potentially fatal risk behaviour." Injury Prevention 15(1): 45-49.
	Objectives: To determine the prevalence of knowledge about and participation in asphyxial games, sometimes called "the choking game", and how best to raise awareness of this risk-taking behaviour and provide preventive education. Design: Questionnaire; collaborative research model; lay advocacy group/university researchers. Setting: 8 middle and high schools in Texas (six) and Ontario (two). A recent death from playing the choking game had occurred in one Texas school, and two other fatalities had occurred within the state. Subjects: Students in grades 4-12, aged 9-18 years. Intervention: None. Outcome measures: None. Results: Of 2762 surveys distributed, 2504 (90.7%) were completed. The mean (SD) age of the responders was 13.7 (2.2) years. 68% of children had heard about the game, 45% knew somebody who played it, and 6.6% had tried it, 93.9% of those with someone else. Forty percent of children perceived no risk. Information that playing the game could result in death or brain damage was reported as most likely to influence behaviour. The most respected source of a preventive education message was parents for pre-adolescents (43%) or victim/victim's family (36%) for older adolescents. Conclusions: Knowledge of and participation in self-asphyxial behaviour is not unusual among schoolchildren. The age of the child probably determines the best source (parents or victim/victim's family) of preventive education.

MacQueen, S. (2016). "Domestic abuse, crime surveys and the fallacy of risk: Exploring partner and domestic abuse using the Scottish Crime and Justice Survey." Criminology & Criminal Justice: An International Journal 16(4): 470-496.
	The Scottish Crime and Justice Survey (SCJS) consistently suggests similar prevalence of domestic abuse among men and women, a finding used variously to indicate men and women’s equal risk of abuse and to dismiss the survey as a means to explore such experiences. However, assertions of equal risk are based on limited analyses of data reduced to ‘key’ figures for public dissemination, and subsequent criticisms fail to meaningfully engage with the broader data offered by the survey. Theoretically informed multivariate analyses demonstrate that risk of abuse is inadequately captured by such figures, supporting that women and men are not at equal risk, and that gender is but one of a number of influential risk factors. This article proposes the SCJS data could be put to greater use, offering rich information for developing theory and responses to violence, and that critical engagement with the survey is necessary to facilitate methodological improvement. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Criminology & Criminal Justice: An International Journal is the property of Sage Publications, Ltd. and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Madero-Hernandez, A., et al. (2016). "Exploring the overlap between individualistic and collective crime prevention." Crime Prevention & Community Safety 18(4): 245-265.
	Crime prevention behaviors range from private-minded or individualistic actions citizens take to protect themselves from crime, to public-minded or collective behaviors aimed at protecting entire neighborhoods. Although these behaviors may be overlapping, few studies have examined the extent to which citizens engage in individualistic and collective crime prevention simultaneously. This study examines the co-occurrence and predictors of crime prevention behaviors with data from Canada's General Social Survey. Results indicate that citizens who engage in individualistic crime prevention behaviors are somewhat likely to engage in collective ones. But when looking at the etiology of these behaviors, individualistic behaviors are largely influenced by concerns about victimization, while collective behaviors are driven more by concerns with neighborhood conditions. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Crime Prevention & Community Safety is the property of Palgrave Macmillan Ltd. and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Madiba, S. and M. Mokgatle (2017). "Fear of stigma, beliefs, and knowledge about HIV are barriers to early access to HIV testing and disclosure for perinatally infected children and adolescents in rural communities in South Africa." South African Family Practice 59(5): 175-181.
	Background: The majority of HIV-infected children in resource-limited countries are not aware of their HIV status because of the various reasons responsible for the delay in seeking HIV testing for children. The aim of the study was to determine the prevalence and barriers to testing and disclosing the HIV status of children aged between 5 and 18 years. Methods: This was a cross-sectional survey involving 405 caregivers of HIV perinatally infected children receiving anti-retroviral treatment (ART) in primary health care facilities in a rural district of Mpumalanga province in South Africa. Results: The prevalence of disclosure was 27%, and disclosure was done to promote adherence (26%) or because it was the child's right to know his/her status (43%). Children's age was significantly associated with disclosure (AOR=2.81, p&lt;0.000, CI 1.64-4.81). Concerns that children were too young and would not understand the implications of HIV diagnosis (74.5%) or would not keep the diagnosis secret (7%) were reasons for non-disclosure. Over half of the caregivers intended to disclose status when the child was aged between 12 and 15 years. In response to children's questions about medication, caregivers substituted HIV with other less stigmatising conditions (32%). Conclusion: The prevalence of disclosure was low and delayed till the child was above 10 years of age. The main barrier to disclosure was fear of stigma, or fears of the child telling others about their HIV status with consequences of stigma. The need for guidelines to provide caregivers with disclosure skills, to overcome the barriers that prevent disclosure, is crucial.

Madiba, S. and K. Mokwena (2012). "Caregivers' barriers to disclosing the HIV diagnosis to infected children on antiretroviral therapy in a resource-limited district in South Africa: a grounded theory study." AIDS Research and Treatment 2012: Article ID 402403-Article ID 402403.
	We used a grounded theory approach to explore how a sample of caregivers of children on antiretroviral treatment (ART) experience HIV disclosure to their infected children. This paper explores caregivers' barriers to disclosing HIV to infected children. Caregivers of children aged 6-13 years who were receiving ART participated in four focus-group interviews. Three main themes, caregiver readiness to tell, right time to tell, and the context of disclosure, emerged. Disclosure was delayed because caregivers had to first deal with personal fears which influenced their readiness to disclose; disclosure was also delayed because caregivers did not know how to tell. Caregivers lacked disclosure skills because they had not been trained on how to tell their children about their diagnosis, on how to talk to their children about HIV, and on how to deal with a child who reacts negatively to the disclosure. Caregivers feared that the child might tell others about the diagnosis and would be discriminated and socially rejected and that children would live in fear of death and dying. Health care providers have a critical role to play in HIV disclosure to infected children, considering the caregivers' expressed desire to be trained and prepared for the disclosure.

Mahmoodabadi, H. B., et al. (2014). "Frequency and reasons of midwives Malpractices in cases referred to general office of legal medicine of Isfahan, Iran during 2005-2009." Iranian Journal of Obstetrics, Gynecology and Infertility 17(99): Pe13-Pe20.
	Introduction: Midwives continually are known as the first custodians of mothers and fetus care. This item causes midwifes problems in their work and irreparable faults. This study investigated the frequency and reasons of midwifes malpractices in cases referred to general office of legal medicine of Isfahan, Iran during 2005-2009. Methods: This descriptive-cross sectional study was conducted on all cases referred to general office of legal medicine of Isfahan, Iran during 2005-2009 with claims from midwifery staffs occupied in hospitals, clinics and other healthcare centers. Data were gathered by a checklist. Data collection methods were resource review and observation. Data were analyzed by SPSS software (version 11). Results: 41 claims (5.8%) of 708 claims were from midwifes. 18 midwives from 41 (43.9%) were convicted. Negligence (38.9%) and carelessness of governmental rules (44.4%) were the main reasons of midwives malpractices. 13 midwives (31.7%) allocated the most frequency of claims. They were in the age range of 35 to 65 years. 35 midwives (85.4%) of 41 gave services in hospitals and 6 cases (12.2%) in home-health. Conclusion: With attention to importance of midwifery, the practitioners of this occupation should be informed about medical laws and regulations, crimes and infractions, blood money law, abortion laws and other legal materials.

Maier, T., et al. (2013). "The tip of the iceberg. Incidence of disclosed cases of child sexual abuse in Switzerland: results from a nationwide agency survey." International Journal of Public Health 58(6): 875-883.
	Objectives: Child sexual abuse (CSA) is considered a major risk factor for a variety of health problems both in childhood and in later adult life. While population-based surveys aim to establish the real incidence rates of CSA by interviewing potential (past) victims, agency surveys focus on the rates of CSA reported to the authorities. Methods: We conducted a nationwide agency survey of CSA in Switzerland. Data were collected from 350 agencies through an anonymous online form during a 6-month period. For data collection, we used a modified version of the case reporting form translated from the American National Incidence Study (NIS-4). Results: About 2.68 cases of CSA per 1,000 children per year are disclosed to agencies (1.11 in males, 4.33 in females). This is roughly twice the average incidence rate reported in methodologically similar studies from Canada, the US, and Australia. Conclusions: In Switzerland, the majority of disclosed cases of CSA are handled by specialized yet semi-public agencies instead of public child welfare agencies or penal authorities. This fact might explain the higher disclosure rates.

Málaga, H., et al. (2014). "Prioritization of community health problems in a town of Lima under the healthy cities program. / Priorización de problemas de salud comunitaria en una localidad de Lima metropolitana en el marco del programa de municipios saludables." Revista Peruana de Epidemiologia 18(2): un-un.
	Objective: To establish indicators for five priority projects for the Community Manchay Gardens. Methods: The study was conducted based on a household survey. The sample was stratified in proportion to the two sets of lots with systematic selection for clusters of five households within them. Results: The high rate of households who have suffered from a criminal act 21% (0,16≤p≤0,25) 95% and 47% of dog bites (0,39≥p0,≥53) 95% defines its priority issues, the pregnancy rate adolescent and child malnutrition, would be within expected, for the parameters of Lima, but the high rate of unemployed teenagers and the difference between the heights, the children mostly above average and girls mostly below the WHO standard, defined as problems to be considered. The lack of shade and the low percentage of children who play sports are considering. Conclusions: The setting baselines before beginning a healthy community project, will assess its impact.

Malmedal, W., et al. (2009). "To report or not report? Attitudes held by Norwegian nursing home staff on reporting inadequate care carried out by colleagues." Scandinavian Journal of Public Health 37(7): 744-750.
	Aims: The aims of this study are, first, to describe attitudes held by nursing home staff on reporting acts of inadequate care committed by their colleagues, and second, to investigate whether nursing staff have different attitudes depending on age, education, and length of experience of working in the healthcare services. Methods: A questionnaire survey was conducted among nursing staff in 16 nursing homes in the central part of Norway. The response rate was 79% (n=616). Results: A positive attitude towards reporting acts of inadequate care committed by their colleagues was held by the participants in this study. Compared with younger staff, the older staff seemed to be more reluctant to report colleagues, to feel less brave, to be more afraid of what would happen to them if they reported, and to agree that it is best to deal with such matters internally. Regarding education, it seemed that a higher educational level was related with a more positive attitude towards a willingness to report and less fear of negative sanctions. Conclusions: Staff who observe acts of inadequate care committed by colleagues agree that it is their intention to report such incidents. Institutions need to develop and implement mechanisms for understanding and evaluating acts of inadequate care, and staff must be encouraged to speak out on behalf of residents rather than be punished for doing so.

Malta, D. C., et al. (2012). "Accidents and violence in childhood: survey evidence of emergency care for external causes - Brazil, 2009. / Acidentes e violência na infância: evidências do inquérito sobre atendimentos de emergência por causas externas - Brasil, 2009." Ciência & Saúde Coletiva 17(9): 2247-2258.
	Understanding the characteristics and magnitude of accidents and violence due to external causes in children from 0 to 9 years of age is becoming ever more important in Public Health. The scope of this paper was to analyze emergency care for accidents due to external causes in children. The Sentinel Urgency and Emergency Services of the Violence and Accident Vigilance System (VIVA Survey), performed in 74 urgency services in the Federal District and 23 State capitals in 2009 was used. Data of 7,123 children were analyzed: 6,897 (96.7%) victims of accidents and 226 (3.3%) of violence. In comparison with victims of violence, the visits for accidents were more frequent among white children from 2 to 5 years old occurring in the home (p&lt;0.05). Among the accidents, falls and burns predominated in the 0 to 1 group, while traffic accidents were most frequent in the 6 to 9-year-old age group (p&lt;0.001). With respect to violence, the visits for neglect and physical assault predominated, respectively, in extreme age groups, with someone in the family being the perpetrator (p&lt;0.001). Information on the occurrence of external causes in children may support health promotion policies, besides guiding health professionals, teachers and families in the prevention of such causes.

Malta, D. C., et al. (2016). "The occurrence of external causes in childhood in emergency care: epidemiological aspects, Brazil, 2014." Ciência & Saúde Coletiva 21(12): 3729-3744.
	Objective: To describe emergency care for external causes in childhood, age group 0-9 years, in Brazilian capitals, collected from the Violence and Accident Surveillance System (VIVA) Survey in 2014. Methods: To review data from the VIVA survey conducted in public emergency services in 24 Brazilian capitals. Variables analyzed were gender, age group (0-1 years, 2-5 years and 6-9 years), race/skin color, type of events and injuries, aggressors and other. Results: Eight thousand five hundred eighty-eight children received care, of which 8,164 (95%) were victims of accidents and 424 (5%) of violence. Boys suffered more accidents, most events occurred at home (65%) and discharge was the most frequent outcome. Falls were the most frequent accidents, followed by other accidents, road injury and burns. Neglect prevailed among the types of violence, followed by physical violence. The perpetrator was a child's relative in 72% of the cases, and women were the most frequent aggressors for children under 1 year, and men for children aged 6 to 9 years. Conclusion: Childhood accidents occurred mainly at home, and falls were the most frequent events. Family members and acquaintances perpetrated violence against children. Data point to the implementation of public prevention and child protection policies.

Malta, D. C., et al. (2010). "Bullying in Brazilian schools: results from the National School-based Health Survey (PeNSE), 2009." Ciência & Saúde Coletiva 15(supl. 2): 3065-3076.
	The aim of this study is to identify and describe the occurrence of bullying among students in the 9th year (8th grade) from public and private schools from 26 Brazilian state capitals and the Federal District. It is a cross-sectional study involving 60,973 students and 1,453 public and private schools. Data analysis indicates that 5.4% (IC95%: 5.1%-5.7%) of students reported having suffered bullying almost always or always in the last 30 days, 25.4% (IC95%: 24.8%-26.0%) were rarely or sometimes the victim of bullying and 69.2% (IC95%: 68.5%-69.8%) of students felt no humiliation or provocation at school. The capital with higher frequency of bullying was Belo Horizonte (6.9%; IC95%: 5,9%-7,9%), Minas Gerais, and the lowest was Palmas (3.5%; IC95%: 2.6%-4.5%), Tocantins. Boys reported more bullying (6,0%; IC95%: 5.5%-6.5%) compared with girls (4,8%; IC95%: 4.4%-5.3%). There was no difference between public schools 5.5% (IC95%: 5.1%-5.8%) and private (5.2%) (IC95%: 4.6%-5.8%), except in Aracaju, Sergipe, that show more bullying in private schools. The findings indicate an urgent need for intersectoral action from educational policies and practices that enforce the reduction and prevention of the occurrence of bullying in schools in Brazil.

Maltezou, H. C., et al. (2015). "Experience with parental vaccination refusal and attitudes about vaccinations of pediatricians in Greece." British Journal of Medicine and Medical Research 5(8): 971-977.
	Aim: To study the experience of Greek pediatricians with parents who refuse their children's vaccination and their attitudes towards vaccinations. Study Design: Nation-wide questionnaire-based survey conducted from February through May 2013. Methodology: We included 211 pediatricians. Results: A total of 190 (90%) pediatricians reported that they had encountered at least one case of parental vaccination refusal in the past. During 2012, the pediatricians faced a mean of 10.5 cases of vaccination refusals/1000 vaccinations. The human papilloma virus (HPV) vaccine was the most frequently refused vaccine, followed by the measles-mumps-rubella (MMR) vaccine. "Fear of adverse effects" was the most frequent reason of vaccination refusal (83.8%) followed by "Use of alternative medicine" (46.4%) and "Anti-vaccination belief against all vaccines" (45.3%). Internet was the most frequent source of information for parents who refused vaccination. Of 201 pediatricians, 135 (67.2%) stated that "Childhood vaccinations should be mandatory for primary-school entry", while 28 (13.9%) stated that "Parents have the right to refuse their children's vaccinations". Lastly, 130 (61.6%) pediatricians stated that they had concerns about vaccines, mainly about their costs (46.2%). Conclusion: Refusal of vaccinations by parents is not frequent in Greece and concerns mainly the HPV and the MMR vaccines. Pediatricians should improve their ability to deal with this issue.

Mamun, A. A., et al. (2013). "Adolescents bullying and young adults body mass index and obesity: a longitudinal study." International Journal of Obesity 37(8): 1140-1146.
	Objective: To examine whether adolescent males and females who were victims of bullying were at greater risk of a higher body mass index (BMI) and obesity by young adulthood. Design: Secondary analysis of data from a community-based cohort study. Subjects: A sub-sample of 1694 offspring (50% males) who were participants in the Mater-University of Queensland Study of Pregnancy (MUSP), Brisbane, and who provided bullying information at 14 years and physical assessment at 21 years. Main Outcome Measures: BMI and its categories as normal, overweight or obese at 21 years. Results: One in two adolescent males and one in three adolescent females reported that they had been bullied at school by others. We found that adolescent males and females who were bullied were at a significantly greater risk of a higher BMI and obesity by young adulthood. Fourteen-year-old males who were occasionally/often bullied at school had 0.64 (95% confidence interval (CI): 0.02, 1.27) kgm2 greater mean BMI by 21 years compared with males who were never bullied by 14 years. This mean difference in BMI was 1.52, (95% CI: 0.75, 2.29) kgm2 for females. Similarly, the odds of being obese were 2.54 (95% CI: 1.58, 4.09) times at 21 years for those males who were bullied occasionally/often compared with adolescent males who were never bullied. For females, this was 2.18 (95% CI: 1.40, 3.39). Overweight adolescents who experienced bullying had the greatest increase in BMI by young adulthood. Adjusting for potential confounding or mediating factors, the associations remain strong for males but are attenuated for females. Conclusions: The findings of this study suggest that both male and female adolescents who were bullied often/sometimes by their peer group at 14 years were at greater risk of higher BMI and obesity by young adulthood.

Manago, B., et al. (2019). "Icelandic inclusion, German hesitation and American fear: a cross-cultural comparison of mental-health stigma and the media." Scandinavian Journal of Public Health 47(2): 90-98.
	Aims: Quantitative survey research findings reveal that Western countries have lower rates of public stigma surrounding mental illness than other nations. However, qualitative media research across selected Western countries reports differences in stigmatising messages. Here, we take an in-depth look at country-level data exploring both similarities and differences in this stigma across three countries. Specifically, we use previous findings on global differences in public stigma and media to examine whether there is a correspondence between themes in newspaper reporting and variations in attitudes across seven stigma dimensions. Methods: The Stigma in Global Context - Mental Health Study provides nationally representative data from Iceland (N=1033; response rate=71%), Germany (N=1255; response rate=63.16%) and the USA (N=1425; response rate=67.31%). We limit analyses to respondents who received a vignette describing an individual meeting clinical criterion for schizophrenia or depression. Exploratory data analyses are used to examine overall patterns and cross-national differences. Results: Graphical analyses show patterned similarities, especially for more individuals endorsing social distance as contact becomes more intimate. However, results also corroborate cross-national differences documented in media research. More Americans endorse evaluations of dangerousness, to both self and others. Fewer Icelanders report exclusionary tendencies, whilst Germans report the most consistently moderate levels of stigma. Conclusions: While Western nations tend to report similar, lower levels of stigma globally, they each have unique areas of concern. Anti-stigma programs must take note of both similarities and differences to tailor their efforts to the local context.

Manana, P. N., et al. (2018). "Knowledge, attitudes and practices on malaria transmission in Mamfene, KwaZulu-Natal Province, South Africa 2015." BMC public health 18(41): (20 July 2017)-(2020 July 2017).
	Background: In South Africa malaria is endemic in Mpumalanga, Limpopo and the north-eastern areas of KwaZulu-Natal provinces. South Africa has set targets to eliminate malaria by 2018 and research into complementary vector control tools such as the Sterile Insect Technique (SIT) is ongoing. It is important to understand community perceptions regarding malaria transmission and control interventions to enable development of community awareness campaign messages appropriate to the needs of the community. We aimed to assess knowledge, attitudes, and practices regarding malaria transmission to inform a public awareness campaign for SIT in Jozini Local Municipality, Mamfene in KwaZulu-Natal province. Methods: We conducted a cross-sectional survey in three communities in Mamfene, KwaZulu-Natal during 2015. A structured field piloted questionnaire was administered to 400 randomly selected heads of households. Descriptive statistics were used to summarize data. Results: Of the 400 participants interviewed, 99% had heard about malaria and correctly associated it with mosquito bites. The sources of malaria information were the local health facility (53%), radio (16%) and community meetings (7%). Approximately 63% of the participants were able to identify three or four symptoms of malaria. The majority (76%) were confident that indoor residual spraying (IRS) kills mosquitoes and prevents infection. Bed nets were used by 2% of the participants. SIT knowledge was poor (9%), however 63% of the participants were supportive of mosquito releases for research purposes. The remaining 37% raised concerns and fears, including fear of the unknown and lack of information on the SIT. Conclusion: Appropriate knowledge, positive attitude and acceptable treatment-seeking behaviour for malaria were demonstrated by members of the community. Community involvement will be crucial in achieving success of the SIT and future studies should further investigate concerns raised by the community. The existing communication channels used by the malaria control program can be used; however additional channels should be investigated.

Manghui, T., et al. (2012). "On the Development of a Digital Forensics Curriculum." Journal of Digital Forensics, Security & Law 7(3): 13-32.
	Computer Crime and computer related incidents continue their prevalence and frequency, resulting in losses approaching billions of dollars. To fight against these crimes and frauds, it is urgent to develop digital forensics education programs to train a suitable workforce that can effectively investigate computer crimes and incidents. There is presently no standard to guide the design of digital forensics curriculum for an academic program. In this research, previous work on digital forensics curriculum design and existing education programs are thoroughly investigated. Both digital forensics educators and practitioners were surveyed and results were analyzed to determine the industry and law enforcement need for skills and knowledge for their digital forensic examiners. Based on the survey results and the topics that makeup certificate programs in digital forensics, topics that are desired in digital forensics courses are identified. Finally, based on the research findings, six digital forensics courses and required topics are proposed to be offered in both undergraduate and graduate digital forensics programs. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Journal of Digital Forensics, Security & Law is the property of Purdue University - Purdue Polytechnic Institute and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Maniccia, D. M. and J. M. Leone (2019). "Theoretical framework and protocol for the evaluation of Strong Through Every Mile (STEM), a structured running program for survivors of intimate partner violence." BMC public health 19(692): (4 June 2019)-(2014 June 2019).
	Background: Intimate partner violence can have a devastating impact on victims' psychological and physical health and ability to maintain and preserve interpersonal relationships. The aim of the current study is to empirically test the effectiveness of Strong Through Every Mile (STEM), a 10-week structured running (exercise) program designed to increase psychological, social, and physical well-being among survivors of intimate partner violence. To the authors' knowledge, STEM is the only community-based structured running program designed to improve the quality of life of survivors of intimate partner violence. This paper will describe the STEM program and present the theoretical basis of the program and the program evaluation design. Methods: The current study will utilize an interdisciplinary lens to evaluate a community-based intervention aimed at decreasing the negative effects of intimate partner violence on women's lives. The study will use a mixed method approach (qualitative and quantitative), including a pre- and post-test evaluation of the STEM running program. Primary data will be collected using paper and pencil surveys which assess women's psychological, social, and physical well-being prior to participation in the program and following the completion of the program. Qualitative data from focus groups will also be collected and allow for a more rich understanding of the changes that women experience over the course of the program and specific mechanisms underlying these changes. Discussion: The current study will employ an interdisciplinary lens to examine the extent to which a structured exercise program, specifically running, impacts the psychological, social and physical well-being of women survivors of intimate partner violence. Findings of this study can influence the development and implementation of similar programs for survivors of intimate partner violence and other types of trauma by identifying mechanisms central in achieving positive outcomes for participants.

Manjusha, S., et al. (2017). "Self-medication practices among health care professional students in a tertiary care hospital, Pune." The Open Public Health Journal 10: 63-68.
	Background: Self-medication practice is common among health care professionals due to their professional exposure to drugs and knowledge of treatment of their disease. Objective: The aim was to assess self-medication practice among medical, pharmacy, and nursing students in a tertiary care hospital, Pune. Method: A cross-sectional survey was carried out over a period of three months. A self-administered questionnaire was used for data collection. Results: A total of 318 students participated in the survey; among them 106 were medical, 106 were nurses and 106 were Pharmacy students. Out of the total participants, 52.5% were females. Among them, 280 (87.5%) were practicing self-medication. Most drugs for self-medication were obtained from the pharmacy or drug shops, and the most commonly used drugs were non-steroidal antiinflammatory drugs(81.2%) and antipyretics (67.6%) and antibiotics (35.0%). However, 112 (35.0%) of health care professional students had received antibiotics without medical prescription in the past few months. Common reported illnesses were fever and chills (62.5%) followed by headache (40.0%) and common cold (35.0%). The main reasons for self-medication was that their knowledge about drugs and diseases helped them (67%) and their health problem was not serious (65%). 40 (12.0%) were against self-medication practice and their reasons were fear of misdiagnosis of illness and adverse effect of drugs. Conclusion: Our study concluded that self-medication was practiced with a range of drugs among health care professional students. Educating the students and creating awareness among them may decrease the chance of self-medication practice.

Manning, V., et al. (2009). "New estimates of the number of children living with substance misusing parents: results from UK national household surveys." BMC public health 9(377): (8 October 2009)-(2008 October 2009).
	Background: The existing estimates of there being 250,000-350,000 children of problem drug users in the UK (ACMD, 2003) and 780,000-1.3 million children of adults with an alcohol problem (AHRSE, 2004) are extrapolations of treatment data alone or estimates from other countries, hence updated, local and broader estimates are needed. Methods: The current work identifies profiles where the risk of harm to children could be increased by patterns of parental substance use and generates new estimates following secondary analysis of five UK national household surveys. Results: The Health Survey for England (HSfE) and General Household Survey (GHS) (both 2004) generated consistent estimates - around 30% of children under-16 years (3.3-3.5 million) in the UK lived with at least one binge drinking parent, 8% with at least two binge drinkers and 4% with a lone (binge drinking) parent. The National Psychiatric Morbidity Survey (NPMS) indicated that in 2000, 22% (2.6 million) lived with a hazardous drinker and 6% (705,000) with a dependent drinker. The British Crime Survey (2004) and NPMS (2000) indicated that 8% (up to 978,000) of children lived with an adult who had used illicit drugs within that year, 2% (up to 256,000) with a class A drug user and 7% (up to 873,000) with a class C drug user. Around 335,000 children lived with a drug dependent user, 72,000 with an injecting drug user, 72,000 with a drug user in treatment and 108,000 with an adult who had overdosed. Elevated or cumulative risk of harm may have existed for the 3.6% (around 430,000) children in the UK who lived with a problem drinker who also used drugs and 4% (half a million) where problem drinking co-existed with mental health problems. Stronger indicators of harm emerged from the Scottish Crime Survey (2000), according to which 1% of children (around 12,000 children) had witnessed force being used against an adult in the household by their partner whilst drinking alcohol and 0.6% (almost 6000 children) whilst using drugs. Conclusion: Whilst harm from parental substance use is not inevitable, the number of children living with substance misusing parents exceeds earlier estimates. Widespread patterns of binge drinking and recreational drug use may expose children to sub-optimal care and substance-using role models. Implications for policy, practice and research are discussed.

Manzi, G., et al. (2016). "In the end, will we all be Europeans? A two-phase analysis of citizens' sentiment towards the EU." Quality and Quantity 50(6): 2535-2551.
	In the last decades an increasing effort has been expended to spread out citizens' awareness for the European Union as an institution, but more recently, mainly due to the economic crisis spread out from 2008 onwards, less positive attitudes have started to form. Regular monitoring on the state of citizens' view towards the EU, performed through opinion surveys, has undoubtedly shown a constant decline in citizens' enthusiasm. However, findings from this paper reveal that, even in times when increasing unemployment, deprivation and bad life standards are hardly hitting the EU member states, especially in Southern countries, an underlying predisposition still prevail when individual characteristics and features of the countries where citizens live in are taken in due account. This hidden attachment is analyzed on the subset of EU15 countries using a two-phase approach: (i) first, potential latent features both at individual and contextual level explaining the EU attachment are searched; then (ii) these features are combined in a two-level model where the individual expectations from the EU and the expenditure in research and development of the country result the best predictors.

Marc, L., et al. (2013). "Uptake to HIV post-exposure prophylaxis in Haiti: opportunities to align sexual violence, HIV PEP and mental health." American Journal of Reproductive Immunology 69(s1): 133-141.
	Sexual violence is a public health problem in Haiti, potentially augmenting HIV transmission. Reports from L'Hôpital de l'Université d'État d'Haiti (HUEH) suggest severe underutilization of antiretroviral post-exposure prophylaxis (ARV-PEP) among rape survivors. Cross-sectional design using mixed methods. Informational interviews were conducted with HUEH personnel to learn about post-rape service offerings. HUEH surveillance data were used to estimate the sexual assault reporting rate/100,000 and to examine the proportion of survivors receiving ARV-PEP within 72 hr, stratified by age (&lt;18 years, ≥18 years). Informational interviews revealed that survivors were navigated through two hospital algorithms to receive post-rape care; however, &lt;5% of victims sought mental health services. Surveillance data show that 2193 sexual assault survivors (adult and pediatric) reported a rape to HUEH personnel between 2004 through first quarter of 2010. Annual estimates suggest a twofold increase comparing cases in 2004 versus 2009. Between 2008 and 2009, uptake to ARV-PEP within 72 hr was lower for pediatric (38.4%; N=131/341) compared with adult survivors (60.1%; N=83/138) (χ2=18.8, P&lt;0.001). The prioritization of funding and comprehensive interventions that align sexual violence, HIV, and mental health is crucial to support the timely uptake to ARV-PEP.

Margalit, R., et al. (2013). "Lakota elders' views on traditional versus commercial/addictive tobacco use; Oral history depicting a fundamental distinction." Journal of Community Health 38(3): 538-545.
	This qualitative study is intended to elucidate Lakota elders' views on traditional tobacco and commercial/addictive tobacco use, capturing the oral history that depict the cultural protocol regarding traditional tobacco, called Cansasa. Commercial tobacco use has significantly impacted the Northern Plains Indians. National surveillance systems report that tobacco use is more prevalent among American Indian/Alaska Natives than any other population, and is notably higher than the national average. Lung cancer among Native Americans is highest in the Northern Plains and Alaska, where smoking prevalence is also the highest, and smoking is responsible for nearly 90% of all lung cancer cases. Yet, the use of traditional tobacco is largely ignored by surveillance and seems to have a distinct, positive role. Using a community-based participatory research approach, semi-structured interviews, and qualitative analysis tools, the research team, including 2 Lakota tribe elders, Lakota speaking tribal college students, and university faculty, sought to discern tribal elders' distinctions between traditional and the addictive commercial tobacco. The team interviewed thirty Lakota elders, transcribed the interviews and field notes, and analyzed them using immersion/crystallization organizing framework. The research design engaged the Lakota tribal community in all stages, from planning to publication. Analysis revealed a clear distinction between traditional and commercial tobacco: tribal elders conveyed strong positive messages connected to traditional tobacco use (i.e., spirituality, respect, health and wellness, humility, and thoughtfulness) versus strong negative messages linked to addictive tobacco (i.e., crime, loss of control and self-esteem, lack of respect to self and others, sickness and death). These messages, along with stories in the Lakota language that were told and recorded during the interviews, can guide new ways to address addictive tobacco prevention in this community, to enhance cultural pride, and to serve as a cross-generation bridge regarding tobacco use.

Markovik, M. and D. J. Peshevska (2014). "Gender as individual risk factor for elderly abuse: findings from first national prevalence study in Macedonia." Macedonian Journal of Medical Sciences 7(2): 373-378.
	BACKGROUND: National prevalence study of elderly abuse in Macedonia intended to explore prevalence and risk factors of elder abuse and neglect. This paper is focused on influence of the gender as individual risk factor, according to ecological model, on elderly abuse and neglect. METHODS: Culturally validated questionnaire and Geriatric Depression scale was used for data collection. Mini Mental State Examination (MMSE) test, was used for sample selection. Cutting score was 20. The research was conducted through face-to-face interviews on the sample of 960 respondents aged 65 and over. RESULTS: Evidenced were 32% abused and neglected from representative sample, living in private households, 19% of abused was female. In Macedonian study women are 1.6 times often victims of abuse than man. Only female respondents reported sexual abuse. CONCLUSION: Being female is risk factor for being exposed on any type of abuse and neglect, excluding financial abuse.

Marmarà, D., et al. (2017). "Health beliefs, illness perceptions and determinants of breast screening uptake in Malta: a cross-sectional survey." BMC public health 17(416): (8 May 2017)-(2018 May 2017).
	Background: Women's beliefs and representations of breast cancer (BC) and breast screening (BS) are salient predictors for BS practices. This study utilized the health belief model (HBM) and common-sense model (CSM) of illness self-regulation to explore factors associated with BS uptake in Malta and subsequently, to identify the most important predictors to first screening uptake. Methods: This cross-sectional survey enrolled Maltese women (n=404) ages 50 to 60 at the time of their first screening invitation, invited to the National Breast Screening Programme by stratified random sampling, with no personal history of BC. Participants responded to a 121-item questionnaire by telephone between June-September 2015. Data were analyzed using descriptive statistics, chi-square tests and logistic regression. Results: There is high awareness of BC signs and symptoms among Maltese women (&gt;80% agreement for 7 out of 8 signs), but wide variation about causation (e.g., germ or virus: 38.6% 'agree', 30.7% 'disagree'). 'Fear' was the key reason for non-attendance to first invitation (41%, n=66) and was statistically significant across all subscale items (p&lt;0.05). Most items within HBM constructs (perceived barriers; cues to action; self-efficacy) were significantly associated with first invitation to the National Breast Screening Programme, such as fear of result (χ2=12.0, p=0.017) and life problems were considered greater than getting mammography (χ2=38.8, p=0.000). Items within CSM constructs of Illness Representation (BC causes; cyclical cancer timeline; consequences) were also significantly associated, such as BC was considered to be life-changing (χ2=18.0, p=0.000) with serious financial consequences (χ2=13.3, p=0.004). There were no significant associations for socio-demographic or health status variables with uptake, except for family income (χ2=9.7, p=0.047). Logistic regression analyses showed that HBM constructs, in particular perceived barriers, were the strongest predictors of non-attendance to first invitation throughout the analyses (p&lt;0.05). However, the inclusion of illness representation dimensions improved the model accuracy to predict non-attendance when compared to HBM alone (65% vs 38.8%). Conclusions: Interventions should be based on theory including HBM and CSM constructs, and should target first BS uptake and specific barriers to reduce disparities and increase BS uptake in Malta.

Marshall, I. (2010). "“Pourquoi Pas?” Versus “Absolutely Not!” Cross-National Differences in Access to Schools and Pupils for Survey Research." European Journal on Criminal Policy & Research 16(2): 89-109.
	The article offers information on the relevance of national context sampling on the international self-report delinquency (ISRD) study for participating countries. It says that implementation of research studies is shaped by national context such as levels of social trust, socio-political parameters, institutional characteristics, degree of technological sophistication, and sense of privacy of the inhabitants. It also mentions that school access and pupil and parent cooperation are the key ingredients for successful youth survey. Meanwhile, national context may not only be a source of systematic survey error but also it differentiates the social fabric of the society. Furthermore, ISRD design standardization is enough to produce results that have been cross-validated than other sources.

Martins, C. B. d. G. and M. H. P. d. M. Jorge (2009). "Physical abuse of minors under 15: epidemiological study in a city in the south of Brazil." Revista Brasileira de Epidemiologia 12(3): 325-337.
	OBJECTIVES: to build the epidemiological profile of deliberate violence against minors under 15 years of age in Londrina, Paraná in 2006. METHODS: cross-sectional study with retrospective data collected from the records of Tutelary Councils and care services in the city. Data were processed and tabulated with Epi Info software. RESULTS: 479 cases of violence by use of physical force and 9 cases of violence by others means (7 by instruments, 1 by cutting object and 1 by corrosive substance) were studied. Most victims of physical force were female (53.4%) and the highest risk age was 6 (12.2 per 1,000). The father was the main aggressor (48.8%) and alcoholism was present in 64.0% of cases. Violence by instrument was inflicted with belt (42.9%), wire (28.6%), iron (14.3%), or kitchen tool (14.3%), mainly with 85.7% female victims in the 12 year-old age group (33.3%). Father (71.4%) and mother (28.6%) were the only aggressors, with alcoholism present in 57.1% of the situations. The victim of violence with a cutting device was a 13 year-old male, the aggressor was unknown and between 15 and 19 years of age. Violence by a corrosive substance victimized a male adolescent aged 13. The aggressor was the alcoholic father. CONCLUSION: outcomes point toward the epidemiological importance of physical abuse of children and adolescents, and can contribute to structure strategies to prevent child abuse and follow-up victims.

Martins, T. A., et al. (2013). "Travestis, an unexplored population at risk of HIV in a large metropolis of northeast Brazil: a respondent-driven sampling survey." AIDS Care 25(5): 606-612.
	Travestis are highly vulnerable to HIV infection in Brazil. We conducted a survey among 304 travestis using Respondent-Driven Sampling from August to December 2008. Travestis are young (49% &lt;24 years), poorly educated (55% just elementary school), low social class (62% Class C-E), reside with families (49%) or friends/madam (22%), are victims of homophobia (91%) and violence (61%). They report early sexual debut (75% &lt;14), many sexual partners, drug use during sex (43%), and unprotected sex (male partner, 47%, both male and female partners, 50%). Sex work is common (82%, 59% &gt;10 partners last six months) and relatively low cost (median = US$24). A majority report testing for HIV (69%), and report high prevalence (12% disclosed a positive result). Almost all the respondents refused to test in the study. Interventions, targeted to both travestis and to the general community about sexual discrimination, are necessary.

Mastrocinque, J. M. (2014). "Victim Personal Statements: An analysis of notification and utilization." Criminology & Criminal Justice: An International Journal 14(2): 216-234.
	Victim statement policies are a controversial topic inspiring several decades of debate. Criminal justice systems internationally have implemented diverse types of victim statement policies; however, regardless of the type of policy, literature supports that victims seldom provide statements. Despite these findings, few studies have explored the notification and utilization of these policies. The current study selects the Victim Personal Statement (VPS) policy in England and Wales to evaluate what factors influence whether victims are informed of the VPS, and what factors influence one’s decision to provide a VPS by using British Crime Survey (BCS) data. The findings support that several victim, offender, offense, and jurisdictional characteristics influence both notification and utilization of victim statements. The implications for these findings regarding victim statement policies are discussed. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Criminology & Criminal Justice: An International Journal is the property of Sage Publications, Ltd. and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Mastrocinque, J. M. and D. McDowall (2016). "Does Recent Victimization Impact Confidence in the Criminal Justice System?" Victims & Offenders 11(3): 482-499.
	This study assesses whether recent victimization influences one’s confidence in the criminal justice system. Specifically, the study tests whether the predictors of confidence in major types of actors in the justice system are different for victims and nonvictims. British Crime Survey (BCS) data are analyzed using a series of structural equation models with multiple group methods. Overall, the findings support the idea that there is little difference between victims and nonvictims in how views of legal actors predict overall confidence. Additionally, prosecutors are slightly more influential on system confidence, regardless of victimization experience. Policy implications and future research directions are discussed. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Victims & Offenders is the property of Routledge and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Mathes, E. (2015). "Negative Affect Reciprocity as an Explanation of the Correlation between Perpetrating and Being a Victim of Sexual Coercion." Journal of Family Violence 30(7): 943-951.
	The purpose of this research was to test the negative affect reciprocity explanation of the positive correlation between being a victim of and perpetrating sexual coercion. In the first study, 92 participants who were in a romantic relationship filled out measures of sexual coercion and measures of relationship aggression. Supporting the negative affect reciprocity explanation, all of the measures (coercion and aggression) were positively intercorrelated. In the second study, 51 couples filled out the above measures. Supporting the negative affect reciprocity explanation, four of the six sexual coercion measures intercorrelate with themselves and all of the aggression measures intercorrelated. However, only some of the coercion and aggression measures intercorrelated suggesting that negative affect reciprocity in the two areas is to some extent independent. Both studies found that sexual coercion and aggression were to some extent negatively correlated with relationship satisfaction but not probability of marriage. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Journal of Family Violence is the property of Springer Nature and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Mathes, E. W. (2015). "Negative Affect Reciprocity as an Explanation of the Correlation between Perpetrating and Being a Victim of Sexual Coercion." Journal of Family Violence 30(7): 943-951.
	The purpose of this research was to test the negative affect reciprocity explanation of the positive correlation between being a victim of and perpetrating sexual coercion. In the first study, 92 participants who were in a romantic relationship filled out measures of sexual coercion and measures of relationship aggression. Supporting the negative affect reciprocity explanation, all of the measures (coercion and aggression) were positively intercorrelated. In the second study, 51 couples filled out the above measures. Supporting the negative affect reciprocity explanation, four of the six sexual coercion measures intercorrelate with themselves and all of the aggression measures intercorrelated. However, only some of the coercion and aggression measures intercorrelated suggesting that negative affect reciprocity in the two areas is to some extent independent. Both studies found that sexual coercion and aggression were to some extent negatively correlated with relationship satisfaction but not probability of marriage.

Matsumoto, S., et al. (2015). "Implications for social support on prolonged sleep difficulties among a disaster-affected population: second report from a cross-sectional survey in Ishinomaki, Japan." PLoS ONE 10(6): e0130615-e0130615.
	Study Objectives: This study aimed to investigate the role of social factors, especially social support for sleep, among victims living at home around 1-2 years after the Great East Japan Earthquake and tsunami. Design: A cross-sectional household survey was conducted between May and December 2012 (14-21 months after the disaster) in the Ishinomaki area, Japan. Univariate and multivariate logistic regression models were used to examine the association between social factors, including social support, and prolonged sleep difficulties (persisting over 1 month). Social support was divided into three functions: emotional, informational, and instrumental support. Participants: Data were obtained on 2,593 individuals who were living at home after the disaster. Results: The prevalence of prolonged sleep difficulties was 6.9% (5.8% male, 7.7% female). This study showed that lack of social support has a stronger association with prolonged sleep difficulties than non-modifiable or hardly modifiable consequences caused directly by the disaster, i.e., severity of home damage, change in family structure and income. Among the three dimensions of social support, lack of emotional support showed the strongest association with prolonged sleep difficulties. Conclusions: Social support, especially emotional support, may positively affect sleep among victims living at home around 1-2 years after a disaster.

Matsuoka, R. and T. Maeda (2015). "Neighborhood and Individual Factors Associated with Survey Response Behavior: A Multilevel Multinomial Regression Analysis of a Nationwide Survey in Japan." Social Science Japan Journal 18(2): 217-232.
	This study attempts to identify neighborhood and individual characteristics associated with survey responses in Japan. While the response rates of social surveys in Japan have declined in the past decades, factors contributing to non-responses have not been sufficiently examined. Therefore, this study is intended to empirically investigate the factors that differentiate individuals' responses by analyzing a nationwide survey, 'A Trend Survey on Japanese National Character 2012 (TS-JNC 2012)'. For this purpose, multinomial multilevel techniques are employed to assess if neighborhood and individual characteristics are related to non-response behaviors (i.e. non-contact and two types of refusal). The analyses reveal that both neighborhood and individual variables relate to how individuals respond to the national survey, indicating that non-responses are not random among individuals and neighborhoods; a higher degree of urbanization indicated by four neighborhood variables relates to non-responses. More specifically, the findings reveal that individuals in neighborhoods with higher population densities and crime rates are more likely to be 'non-contact' and 'refusal', even when other neighborhood and individual characteristics are controlled. In addition, cross-level interaction effects indicate that females and individuals who live in large residencies are more likely to refuse participation when in neighborhoods with relatively higher crime rates.

Mawby, R. I. (2009). "Perceptions of police and policing in a rural county of England." International Journal of Police Science & Management 11(1): 39-53.
	Crime and disorder audits provide the opportunity to identify and address the concerns local people express about local policing. This paper discusses the findings of the 2001 and 2004 Cornwall Crime Surveys (CCSs) and identifies public perceptions of police and policing in the county. The 2004 survey is used to compare those holding more favourable views with those who are critical of the police. The findings are then used to test the hypothesis that those who are more critical of the public police will be more positive about plural policing alternatives. The findings indicate that rural residents' concerns over public safety are accentuated by their concerns that the police in Cornwall are less accessible than those in urban areas and they are generally supportive of increasing the policing mix. However, they clearly see improvements to the public police as the preferred solution. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of International Journal of Police Science & Management is the property of Sage Publications, Ltd. and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Mawby, R. I. (2016). "Policing policies in cities dependent on tourism." International Journal of Police Science & Management 18(3): 195-205.
	Tourism has long been recognised as a crime generator, with resorts acting as honeypots for offenders. Much of the research on tourism and crime has suggested that many tourist resorts suffer higher than average crime rates and that tourists are disproportionately victimised, but also that tourists often cause crime and disorder problems. This poses a dilemma for areas seeking to expand their tourism industry and in many resort areas the police have worked in local partnerships to alleviate the problems. However, there is surprisingly little hard data available for resort areas to allow policy-makers to develop and evaluate appropriate responses. Using the author’s experiences as external advisor to a recent European initiative, this article considers the contribution of the police on two levels: first, as providers of robust data on the relationship between tourism and crime; and second, in how they might respond to the problems identified by developing effective policies and assessing their effectiveness. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of International Journal of Police Science & Management is the property of Sage Publications, Ltd. and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Mawby, R. I. (2017). "Crime and tourism: what the available statistics do or do not tell us." International Journal of Tourism Policy 7(2): 81-92.
	Tourism has long been recognised as a crime generator. There is considerable evidence that many tourist resorts suffer higher than average crime rates, that tourists are disproportionately victimised, and that tourists often cause crime and disorder problems. This poses a dilemma for cities and towns seeking to expand their tourism industry. However, there is surprisingly little hard data available for resort areas to allow policy makers to develop and evaluate appropriate responses to local problems. This article considers the available sources of data and advocates the importance of creating better measures that can more appropriately inform policy for both criminal justice agencies and destination management organisations (DMOs).

Mayhew, P. (2016). "In defence of administrative criminology." Crime Science 5(1): 1-10.
	Background: This paper is based on an address given as joint winner with Ronald V. Clarke of the 2015 Stockholm Prize in Criminology. This was awarded for some early studies we worked on together in the UK Home Office which were seen as important in re-focusing the task of preventing crime towards simply reducing opportunities for it. This approach became known as situational crime prevention. It had a hostile academic reception from academic criminologists and earned the label of 'administrative criminology'. Later, the same label was given to what was portrayed as narrow, unscholarly research done for government to serve their political agenda, in contrast to research with more range and theoretical thrust. Administrative criminology is a term most familiar in relation to UK research supported by its government; this is the paper's context. Discussion: Administrative criminology deserves a much more positive appraisal than it has been given to date. First, government research activity through to the 1990s at least was self-generated (not imposed), was influential, and was often controversial. The research establishing situational crime prevention as a generally effective approach has withstood criticism that it lacks intellectual weight and would not work. Second, administrative criminologists have been consistently brought to heel as regards ensuring that they communicate what they know effectively and clearly. Third, administrative criminology has arguably had more influence on policy than academic criminology, since its business is to address the concerns of government to which it is better placed to make its voice heard. Finally, administrative criminology should be credited for keeping the 'criminological ball rolling' insofar as it provides a wealth of data from expensive surveys on victimisation and offending, as well as basic 'facts and figures' from statistical series on crime and the criminal justice system. These data serve criminologists of all complexions. Summary: This paper discusses the two fronts on which administrative criminology has been criticised. It defends its record on both fronts. It also argues that critics overlook the contribution that administrative criminology makes to supplying much of the basic empirical data on which all criminologists draw. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Crime Science is the property of Springer Nature and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Mazzuco, S., et al. (2017). "Living arrangement and cognitive decline among older people in Europe." Ageing and Society 37(6): 1111.
	Family resources may play an important role in the wellbeing of older people. In this paper, we examine the association between living arrangement and cognitive decline among people over 65 living in different European countries. The underlined hypothesis is that living with others (i.e. spouse or/and children) vis-à-vis living alone may have a positive role in maintaining cognitive functioning, but also that such beneficial influence varies according to the circumstances. To this end, we used data from the first two waves of the Survey of Health, Ageing and Retirement in Europe (SHARE), which provides indicators of several cognitive functions: orientation, immediate recall, delayed recall, verbal fluency and numeracy. Net of both the potential biases due to the selective attrition and the re-test effects, the evidence shows that the association between living arrangement and cognitive decline depends on the geographical area and on the starting level of cognitive function.

McAuliff, B. D., et al. (2013). "Supporting children in U.S. legal proceedings: Descriptive and attitudinal data from a national survey of victim/witness assistants." Psychology, Public Policy, and Law 19(1): 98-113.
	We conducted a national survey of 786 victim/witness assistants (VWAs) to provide descriptive and attitudinal information about support person use in U.S. legal proceedings involving children. VWAs (N = 414) from 46 states returned completed surveys (response rate = 53%). Prosecutor-based VWAs or parents/guardians most frequently served as support persons. One support person was almost always or often used with child victims and/or witnesses of all ages. Support persons were extremely common in cases involving child sexual abuse, physical abuse, neglect, and adult domestic violence. Overall, support persons provided more informational than emotional support. The most common informational support was to provide referrals to community resources, conduct courtroom visit/orientation, and disseminate relevant procedural information. The most common emotional support was to accompany the child to trial. Support persons rarely or never questioned children directly during investigative interviews or in court. Respondents believed support persons decrease children's stress and increase accuracy and credibility; however, this effect varied as a function of who provided support, child age, case type, and type of emotional or informational support. Respondents believed that support person presence at trial probably does not prejudice jurors against defendants. These survey data provide a benchmark for legal professionals and a foundation for future social scientific research examining the effects of support person use on children. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)

McCarthy, J., et al. (2017). "The Impact of Targeted Data Collection on Nonresponse Bias in an Establishment Survey: A Simulation Study of Adaptive Survey Design." Journal of Official Statistics 33(3): 857-871.
	Nonresponse rates have been growing over time leading to concerns about survey data quality. Adaptive designs seek to allocate scarce resources by targeting specific subsets of sampled units for additional effort or a different recruitment protocol. In order to be effective in reducing nonresponse, the identified subsets of the sample need two key features: 1) their probabilities of response can be impacted by changing design features, and 2) once they have responded, this can have an impact on estimates after adjustment. The National Agricultural Statistics Service (NASS) is investigating the use of adaptive design techniques in the Crops Acreage, Production, and Stocks Survey (Crops APS). The Crops APS is a survey of establishments which vary in size and, hence, in their potential impact on estimates. In order to identify subgroups for targeted designs, we conducted a simulation study that used Census of Agriculture (COA) data as proxies for similar survey items. Different patterns of nonresponse were simulated to identify subgroups that may reduce estimated nonresponse bias when their response propensities are changed.

McDavid, H. A., et al. (2011). "Is criminal violence a non-communicable disease? Exploring the epidemiology of violence in Jamaica." West Indian Medical Journal 60(4): 478-482.
	There is a high level of criminal violence that afflicts the Jamaican society. While it is certainly non-communicable in the context of medicine and public health, the concepts of social contagion and the well-established fact of the intergenerational transfer of effects of trauma raise questions as to whether or not it is non-communicable in a social sense. Historically, scholars have linked Jamaican criminal violence to three main roots: poverty and urban decay, political patronage, garrisonisation and more recently to a fourth, the growth in transnational organized crime (TOC). Traditionally as well, policy-makers have brought the three discrete perspectives of criminology, criminal justice and public health to bear on the problem. This paper applies a conceptual framework derived from a combination of epidemiology and the behavioural sciences to argue that a sustainable resolution to this looming and intractable social problem must take the form of a cocktail of policies that encompasses all three approaches at levels ranging from the community to the international.

McGee, M. G. (2014). "Lost in the Margins? Intersections Between Disability and Other Nondominant Statuses With Regard to Peer Victimization." Journal of School Violence 13(4): 396-421.
	This study examined the extent to which disability status, alone and in combination with other social identities, was associated with differential levels of exposure to peer victimization. Logistic analyses of survey responses from eleventh graders completing the 2008 Oregon Healthy Teen survey (N = 7,091) utilized an intersectional, intercategorical method. Findings revealed that youth with disabilities were significantly more likely to report exposure to peer victimization, compared to youth without disabilities. The highest odds of exposure to peer victimization were found among disabled sexual minority males (adjusted odds ratio [AOR] = 10.8 [5.84, 19.9]) and females (AOR = 4.0 [3.06, 5.25]). In order to effectively address the problem of peer victimization, it will be important to focus on youth with multiple marginalized identities including disability. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Journal of School Violence is the property of Taylor & Francis Ltd and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

McGrath, S. A., et al. (2012). "The social ecological challenges of rural victim advocacy: an exploratory study." Journal of Community Psychology 40(5): 588-606.
	This article re-centers an ecological model traditionally used to understand the experiences of interpersonal violence victims around the perceptions and experiences of victim advocates. We suggest that the development of such a model might shed light on rural-urban differences in the accessibility and availability of support services in rural domains. To develop this model, we used results from a sample of rural advocates located within the Mississippi Delta Region. The study indicates that rural victim advocates recognize the presence of significant macrosystem and exosystem factors in their communities and experience them as creating greater challenges to their work. In particular, factors affiliated with economic disadvantage and cultural ideologies of individualism and victim blaming negatively affected the experiences of the respondents. In terms of the ecological model, results also indicate correlations across levels of analysis, implying a rural macrosystem milieu that may predict or affect the presence of exosystem support networks.

McKinney, C. M., et al. (2009). "Reliability of Self-Reported Childhood Physical Abuse by Adults and Factors Predictive of Inconsistent Reporting." Violence & Victims 24(5): 653-668.
	Little is known about the reliability of self-reported child physical abuse (CPA) or CPA reporting practices. We estimated reliability and prevalence of self-reported CPA and identified factors predictive of inconsistent CPA reporting among 2,256 participants using surveys administered in 1995 and 2000. Reliability of CPA was fair to moderate (K = 0.41). Using a positive report from either survey, the prevalence of moderate (61.8%) and severe (12.0%) CPA was higher than at either survey alone. Compared to consistent reporters of having experienced CPA, inconsistent reporters were less likely to be ≤30 years old (vs. 18-29) or Black (vs. White) and more likely to have <12 years of education (vs. 12), have no alcohol-related problems (vs. having problems), or report one type (vs. ≥2) of CPA. These findings may assist researchers conducting and interpreting studies of CPA. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Violence & Victims is the property of Springer Publishing Company, Inc. and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

McNeeley, S., et al. (2018). "Low self-control and the adoption of street code values among young adults." Journal of Criminal Justice 56: 118-126.
	Purpose Holding street code values has emerged as a significant predictor of antisocial behavior. In light of this evidence, researchers have devoted increased attention to the factors which contribute to the adoption of street code values. Methods The current study builds on this growing body of research by considering the extent to which multiple indicators of low self-control are associated with holding street code values among a sample of young adults. Results The results demonstrate moderate to large associations between various indicators of low self-control and holding street code values, even when accounting for demographic characteristics, a history of violence, and violent victimization. Conclusions A robust association exists between low self-control and holding street code values. The implications are discussed with regard to the multiple interpretations of the findings. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Journal of Criminal Justice is the property of Pergamon Press - An Imprint of Elsevier Science and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Measham, F. and K. Moore (2009). "Repertoires of distinction: Exploring patterns of weekend polydrug use within local leisure scenes across the English night time economy." Criminology & Criminal Justice: An International Journal 9(4): 437-464.
	Presented here are the first findings of self report surveys of prevalence of illicit drug use by customers in the night time economy of a large English city. Five random sample surveys conducted with dance club customers and three similar surveys with bar customers identified an association between illicit drug use, entertainment type and venue type. First, club customers were significantly more likely to report lifetime, past month and fieldwork night drug use than bar customers. Second, distinct and prolific polydrug repertoires were associated with the genres of electronic dance music favoured within different clubs, along with evidence of the growing popularity of emergent drugs such as MDMA powder. Such polydrug repertoires support the notion of culturally, spatially and pharmacologically distinct local leisure scenes operating within the contemporary night time economy; rather than the same broad mass of customers choosing different leisure experiences on different occasions, or the more fluid, 'neo-tribal' cultural groupings suggested by some. The article concludes by suggesting that prolific and enduring weekend polydrug repertoires within local leisure scenes increasingly polarize such scenes from drug use in the general population, with implications for policing and governance, alongside the need for a more nuanced understanding of the night time economy as an analytical concept in social research. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Criminology & Criminal Justice: An International Journal is the property of Sage Publications, Ltd. and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Meijer, E., et al. (2015). "Quitting smoking: the importance of non-smoker identity in predicting smoking behaviour and responses to a smoking ban." Psychology & Health 30(12): 1387-1409.
	Objective: We examined how 'smoker' and 'non-smoker' self- and group-identities and socio-economic status (SES) may predict smoking behaviour and responses to antismoking measures (i.e. the Dutch smoking ban in hospitality venues). We validated a measure of responses to the smoking ban. Design: Longitudinal online survey study with one-year follow-up (N=623 at T1 in 2011; N=188 at T2 in 2012) among daily smokers. Main outcome measures: Intention to quit, quit attempts and 'rejecting', 'victimizing', 'socially conscious smoking' and 'active quitting' responses to the smoking ban. Results: Non-smoker identities are more important than smoker identities in predicting intention to quit, quit attempts and responses to the smoking ban, even when controlling for other important predictors such as nicotine dependence. Smokers with stronger non-smoker identities had stronger intentions to quit, were more likely to attempt to quit between measurements, and showed less negative and more positive responses to the smoking ban. The association between non-smoker self-identity and intention to quit was stronger among smokers with lower than higher SES. Conclusion: Antismoking measures might be more effective if they would focus also on the identity of smokers, and help smokers to increase identification with non-smoking and non-smokers.

Mellgren, C. (2016). "University students’ support to penalty enhancement for hate crime." Journal of Scandinavian Studies in Criminology & Crime Prevention 17(2): 185-202.
	Laws enabling penalty enhancement for crimes motivated by hostility or prejudice, i.e. hate crimes, have become common in many countries. However, laws as a measure against hate crimes have been contested, because their deterrent effect has gained none or little support in the (limited) literature, and they may be considered symbolic rather than deterrent. This study investigates attitudes towards penalty enhancement for hate crimes. Previous empirical investigations of this question are scarce. The material consists of a survey targeting nearly 3000 Swedish university students. Support for penalty enhancement for hate crime was moderate, shown by one third of the total sample. Results supported the premise that students belonging to a minority group, assumed to be at risk of hate crime victimization, agree to a higher extent of penalty enhancement than students belonging to the majority. Previous victimization experiences and worrying about being victimized were not significantly related to punitive attitudes. However, respondents who perceived the risk of victimization to be increased for minority groups in general were more likely to support penalty enhancement for hate crime. Findings should be confirmed in a nationally representative sample since the public’s perspective on the criminal justice system is important for understanding and dealing with the social problem of hate crime. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Journal of Scandinavian Studies in Criminology & Crime Prevention is the property of Routledge and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Menard, S. and R. Morris (2012). "Integrated Theory and Crimes of Trust." Journal of Quantitative Criminology 28(2): 365-387.
	The integrated theory first proposed by Elliott et al. (), combining strain, social control, and social learning (and sometimes social disorganization) theories, has been repeatedly tested and consistently supported for a wide range of behaviors including licit and illicit substance use, violence, and other forms of illegal behavior. It has not, however, been tested for a class of illegal behaviors best described as crimes of trust, which include different types of fraud, workplace theft, and income tax evasion. This category of offending includes offenses commonly regarded as white collar crime, and also offenses that have been more or less marginal to the study of white collar crime. The present paper tests the integrated theory specifically for crimes of trust in the National Youth Survey Family Study, a national, multigenerational sample of individuals whose focal respondents were 11-17 years old in 1976-1977, and who are now in middle adulthood. Relying on structural equation modeling (SEM), parallel tests are performed for two generations, the focal respondents in early middle age (ages 38-45) and their adult offspring (ages 18-24) for the period 2002-2004. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Journal of Quantitative Criminology is the property of Springer Nature and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Merry, S., et al. (2012). "Drivers of public trust and confidence in police in the UK." International Journal of Police Science & Management 14(2): 118-135.
	The term 'public confidence' has become the key indicator of trust, legitimacy and consent in policing and it is this measure of confidence that has become the overarching conceptualisation of successful policing. This paper focuses on providing a greater understanding of drivers of public confidence in the police using three surveys of the same community: Community Safety Survey (N = 4,499), Victim Satisfaction Survey (N = 1,084) and the Anti-Social Behaviour Survey (N = 301). Gender and age differences were found, with females and older participants exhibiting higher confidence in policing. Noncriminal aspects of policing such as improved community cohesion and visibility were found to aid confidence. Further, crime-related policing was found to influence overall satisfaction following an incident with some crimes handled better than others (eg, burglary) and customer care needing improvement in certain areas (eg, updated information). Although this research found confidence levels to be positive overall, there was also evidence of the positive-negative asymmetry effect, where participants' confidence levels shifted following experience with the police. This paper provides further support for citizen-focused initiatives in which community focus and communication should be at the centre of strategies for improving confidence in policing. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of International Journal of Police Science & Management is the property of Sage Publications, Ltd. and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Messam, L. L. M., et al. (2012). "Risk factors for dog bites occurring during and outside of play: are they different?" Preventive Veterinary Medicine 107(1/2): 110-120.
	The aim of this study was to determine whether the effects of selected human-canine interaction/environmental factors on bites occurring when the victim was and was not playing with the dog differed from each other. A veterinary clinic-based retrospective cohort study was conducted in Kingston, Jamaica (709), and San Francisco, USA (513) to compare the effects of selected exposures on non-play bites (161) relative to bites preceded by play with the dog (110) as reported by veterinary clients. Additionally, 951 non-biting dogs were used for a risk factor analysis of bites occurring during play. Using directed acyclic graphs and the change-in-estimate procedure to select and adjust for confounders, modified Poisson regression was used to estimate (a) the ratios of proportions of non-play bites out of all bites comparing exposed to unexposed dogs (proportionate bite ratios) and (b) risk ratios for bites occurring during play for each factor of interest. Proportionate bite ratios ranged from 0.84 to 1.29, with most 95% confidence intervals including one, thus implying a lack of specificity of effects of the examined factors on non-play bites relative to bites occurring during play with the dog. Consistent with this lack of specificity, risk ratios for bites occurring during play were similar in magnitude and direction to risk ratios previously published for non-play bites using the same non-biting dogs as a reference group. No country-specific differences in proportionate bite ratios were detected. Each human-canine environmental factor showed similar levels of association with both types of bites. One possible explanation is that both types of bites have a common causal pathway leading from each factor up to the point of human-canine contact. If the human-canine contact then leads to either play or non-play interactions with dogs and subsequently to both types of bites, the presence of such a common pathway would make the factor non-specific to either type of bite. As some of the examined factors are associated with increased frequencies of both types of bites, this could explain high percentages of bites occurring during play with the dog as reported in various case series of dog bites. If so, dog bite prevention strategies targeting these factors will simultaneously reduce the incidence of both types of bites.

Miao, Y. and J. Huang (2012). "Prevalence and associated psychosocial factors of increased hand hygiene practice during the influenza A/H1N1 pandemic: findings and prevention implications from a national survey in Taiwan." Tropical Medicine and International Health 17(5): 604-612.
	Objective: To investigate increased hand hygiene practice in response to the pandemic influenza A/H1N1 (pH1N1) and its associated psychosocial factors in the Taiwanese general population. Methods: A national telephone survey using random digit dialing was conducted on October 28-30, 2009 in Taiwan, resulting in a final sample of 1079 participants aged 15 or older. Results: Seventy-seven per cent reported that they increased hand hygiene practice during the pH1N1 epidemic. Multivariate logistic regression analysis showed that increased hand hygiene practice was associated with health beliefs that pH1N1 was more transmissible than avian influenza (OR=1.42); that pH1N1 was slightly more severe in Taiwan compared with other countries (OR=1.59); that handwashing was very effective in preventing pH1N1 (OR=3.12), and that handwashing after contact with possibly pH1N1-contaminated objects/surfaces was not very difficult (OR=2.14) or not difficult at all (OR=2.49). Conclusions: These findings suggest that future campaigns to promote preventive health behaviour in the public should consider communicating evidence-based information concerning the effectiveness of the recommended preventive behaviour, comparing the emerging epidemic with prior local outbreaks, and not overplaying the seriousness of the disease with fear tactics.

Michalopoulos, L. M., et al. (2016). "A qualitative study of migrant-related stressors, psychosocial outcomes and HIV risk behaviour among truck drivers in Zambia." African Journal of AIDS Research 15(3): 219-226.
	Truck drivers are part of mobile populations which have been noted as a key population at risk of HIV in Zambia. This study was aimed at: (1) determining potentially traumatic events (PTEs), labour migrant-related stressors, psychosocial problems and HIV risk behaviours among truck drivers in Zambia; and (2) examining the relationship between PTEs, migrant-related stressors, psychosocial outcomes and HIV sexual risk behaviour among truck drivers in Zambia. We conducted 15 semi-structured interviews with purposively sampled male truck drivers at trucking companies in Lusaka, Zambia. Findings indicate that truck drivers experience multiple stressors and potentially traumatic incidences, including delays and long waiting hours at borders, exposure to crime and violence, poverty, stress related to resisting temptation of sexual interactions with sex workers or migrant women, and job-related safety concerns. Multiple psychosocial problems such as intimate partner violence, loneliness, anxiety and depression-like symptoms were noted. Transactional sex, coupled with inconsistent condom use, were identified as HIV sexual risk behaviours. Findings suggest the critical need to develop HIV-prevention interventions which account for mobility, potentially traumatic events, psychosocial problems, and the extreme fear of HIV testing among this key population.

Michaud, K., et al. (2011). "Genetic analysis of sudden cardiac death victims: a survey of current forensic autopsy practices." International Journal of Legal Medicine 125(3): 359-366.
	utopsy-negative sudden cardiac deaths (SCD) seen in forensic practice are most often thought to be the result of sudden arrhythmic death syndrome. Postmortem genetic analysis is recommended in such cases, but is currently performed in only a few academic centers. In order to determine actual current practice, an on-line questionnaire was sent by e-mail to members of various forensic medical associations. The questions addressed routine procedures employed in cases of sudden cardiac death (autopsy ordering, macroscopic and microscopic cardiac examination, conduction tissue examination, immunohistochemistry and electron microscopy, biochemical markers, sampling and storage of material for genetic analyses, toxicological analyses, and molecular autopsy). Some questions concerned the legal and ethical aspects of genetic analyses in postmortem examinations, as well as any existing multidisciplinary collaborations in SCD cases. There were 97 respondents, mostly from European countries. Genetic testing in cases of sudden cardiac death is rarely practiced in routine forensic investigation. Approximately 60% of respondents reported not having the means to perform genetic postmortem testing and 40% do not collect adequate material to perform these investigations at a later date, despite working at university hospitals. The survey demonstrated that many of the problems involved in the adequate investigation of SCD cases are often financial in origin, due to the fact that activities in forensic medicine are often paid by and dependent on the judicial authorities. Problems also exist concerning the contact with family members and/or the family doctor, as well as the often-nonexistent collaboration with others clinicians with special expertise beneficial in the investigation of SCD cases, such as cardiologists and geneticists. This study highlights the importance in establishing guidelines for molecular autopsies in forensic medicine. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of International Journal of Legal Medicine is the property of Springer Nature and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Middleton, D., et al. (2018). "A descriptive analysis of rabies post-exposure prophylaxis data: 2013, Ontario, Canada." Zoonoses and Public Health 65(1): e66-e78.
	By 2013, the number of confirmed rabid animals in Ontario had decreased to unprecedented low numbers, yet the expected decrease in the number of courses of rabies post-exposure prophylaxis (RPEP) administered did not occur consistent with the decrease in animal rabies cases (Figure 1). This prompted a review of the reasons that RPEP was administered in Ontario. This study provides a descriptive analysis of the exposure incidents resulting in RPEP administration in Ontario during 2013 using data obtained from the integrated Public Health Information System, a Web-based disease surveillance system. Findings from the study revealed that the number of RPEP courses administered could be reduced, without increased risk of rabies, through the following strategies: (i) Education and resources for public health staff and healthcare providers who assess animal exposures to improve interpretation of guidelines for RPEP administration. (ii) Refinement of guidelines for public health staff and healthcare providers to ensure that they support detailed consideration of the circumstances of the exposure in order to assist with the risk assessment. Guidelines should also support completion of a risk assessment when exposures to skunks, foxes, raccoons and other wild carnivores are provoked by the victim, as opposed to automatically providing RPEP as recommended by current guidelines. (iii) Public education strategies to prevent exposures to animals (e.g., do not touch unattended animals, bat proofing your house, proper removal of bats from the house). (iv) Defining the criteria to declare a jurisdiction rabies-free. (v) Exploring strategies to improve surveillance for rabid animals.

Miedema, B., et al. (2010). "Prevalence of abusive encounters in the workplace of family physicians: a minor, major, or severe problem?" Canadian Family Physician 56(3): e101-e108.
	OBJECTIVE: To examine the career prevalence of abusive encounters for family physicians in Canada. DESIGN: A 7-page cross-sectional mailed survey in English and French. SETTING: Canada. PARTICIPANTS: A total of 3802 randomly selected practising family physicians who were members of the College of Family Physicians of Canada. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Demographic characteristics of survey participants, career prevalence of abusive encounters, and perpetrators of abuse. MAIN FINDINGS: Twenty percent (20.4%) of the surveys (n=774) were returned. Of the respondents, 44% were men and 56% were women. Most were in private practice in urban settings. The average number of years in practice was 15. The career prevalence of abusive encounters was divided into "minor," "major," and "severe" incidents. Of all the respondents, 98% had experienced at least 1 incident of minor abuse, 75% had experienced at least 1 incident of major abuse, and 39% had experienced at least 1 incident of severe abuse. Using χ2 analysis, a number of demographic variables were found to be significantly associated with abuse including the physician's race and sex. Patients were the most common perpetrators of abuse. Ninety percent of family physicians surveyed reported that they had been abused by patients, while 70% reported that they had been abused by family members of patients. CONCLUSION: Approximately 2 in 5 family physicians surveyed were subjected to a considerable amount of severe abuse during practice. Abuse in the office setting might have grave consequences for the health and well-being of the victimized physicians and might hinder service retention where the risk of abuse is greatest.

Milanak, M. E., et al. (2013). "Prevalence and features of generalized anxiety disorder in Department of Veteran Affairs primary care settings." Psychiatry Research 209(2): 173-179.
	Generalized anxiety disorder (GAD) is a highly prevalent distressing condition for individuals in both community and community primary care settings. However, despite the high prevalence of GAD identified in epidemiological studies, little is known about GAD and its related symptoms and impairments in veteran populations. The present study investigated the prevalence, comorbidity, physical and mental health impairment, and healthcare utilization of veteran participants with GAD, as well as comparing symptoms of GAD and posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD). Veterans (N=884) participated in a cross-sectional investigation in primary care clinics in four Veteran Affairs Medical Centers (VAMCs) and completed diagnostic interviews and self-report questionnaires; a chart review was conducted to assess their VAMC healthcare utilization. A large number of participants (12%) met diagnostic criteria for GAD, reporting significantly worse emotional health, pain, and general health, in addition to increased mental healthcare utilization and antidepressant medications. In addition, GAD was found in 40% of participants with PTSD, resulting in more severe symptoms and impairment than in patients with GAD alone. These findings provide evidence of high prevalence and severe impairment associated with GAD in veterans and highlight the need for improved recognition, assessment, and treatments for GAD.

Mindthoff, A., et al. (2018). "A survey of potential jurors’ perceptions of interrogations and confessions." Psychology, Public Policy, and Law 24(4): 430-448.
	Confessions represent one of the most influential types of evidence, and research has shown that mock jurors often fail to dismiss unreliable confession evidence. However, recent studies suggest that jurors might believe in the false confession phenomenon more than they once did. One possible reason for this could be increased publicity regarding false confession cases. To assess this possibility, we administered an extensive online survey to a sample of potential jurors in the United States from 11 universities and Amazon Mechanical Turk. Perceptions of confession behaviors (as related to others and oneself), Miranda waivers, interrogation methods, dispositional risk factors, and confession admissibility and evidentiary weight were assessed, in addition to respondents’ self-reported crime-media activity and familiarity with disputed confession cases. Respondents’ perceptions were generally consistent with empirical research findings. Respondents believed suspects do not understand their Miranda rights; gauged interrogation tactics usage relatively accurately; viewed psychologically coercive tactics as coercive and more likely to result in false, rather than true, confessions; and recognized that confessions elicited via coercive measures should be inadmissible as evidence in court. However, respondents’ perceptions did not align with research on interrogation length, and respondents did not fully appreciate the risk youth poses in interrogations. Moreover, being familiar with disputed confession cases resulted in more negative views of interrogations and confessions. Overall, potential jurors are seemingly more cognizant of false confessions and the tactics that elicit them than in the past, and evidence suggests that media outlets can be used to promote interrogation and confession knowledge. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2018 APA, all rights reserved)

Mitchell, K. J., et al. (2019). "Youth exposure to suicide attempts: relative impact on personal trauma symptoms." American Journal of Preventive Medicine 56(1): 109-115.
	Introduction: The purpose of this study is to report the prevalence of youth lifetime exposure to suicide attempts by people close to them, and its association with personal nonvictimization adversities, suicidal ideation, thoughts of self-harm, and trauma symptoms. Methods: Data were collected as part of the National Surveys of Children's Exposure to Violence, comprising three cross-sectional studies conducted in 2008, 2011, and 2014 in the U.S. assessing the experiences of children ages 1 month to 17 years. The current analyses utilized the self-report data from youth, ages 10-17 years (n=6,366), and was analyzed in 2017. Results: Twelve percent (n=779) of youth said someone close to them had tried to kill themselves. Exposure varied by age: 4% of youth aged 10-12 years, 13% of youth aged 13-15 years, and 21% of youth aged 16-17 years reported such exposure. Exposure to suicide attempts also varied by sex with 8% of males and 16% of females reporting this experience. After adjusting for the total number of other types of adversity experienced, the association between exposure to suicide attempts and trauma symptoms (β=0.5, 95% CI=0.3, 0.7, p≤0.001); suicidal ideation (OR=2.4, 95% CI=1.4, 4.1, p≤0.001); and thoughts of self-harm (OR=3.1, 95% CI=1.9, 5.1, p≤0.001) remained significant, although attenuated. Conclusions: Study findings that youth exposure to suicidal behavior is associated with negative emotional distress, and that it often co-occurs with other adversities and social risk factors, highlight the need to better understand the causal pathways among these risk factors to improve youth suicide prevention and response interventions.

Moffat, A. K., et al. (2019). "The Impact of Social Network Characteristics and Gender on Covert Bullying in Australian Students with Disability in the Middle Years." Journal of School Violence 18(4): 613-629.
	Addressing bullying victimization of students with disability is a significant challenge for schools. While social support can protect against bullying victimization in the general population, its role in mediating the relationship between disability and bullying is under-researched. This paper examined covert bullying prevalence (encompassing relational, social and indirect aggression) and its relationship to social support (peer, family, and teacher) among a national sample of 4,753 Australian 8–14 year olds, 490 of whom self-identified as living with disability. Positive teacher and peer support predicted the reduced probability of bullying victimization among students overall, but low support levels among students with disability negated this effect. Interventions to address covert bullying of students with disability need to focus on whole-school approaches that reduce opportunities for victimization of students with disability. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Journal of School Violence is the property of Taylor & Francis Ltd and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Mohan, J., et al. (2011). "Mind The Double Gap." British Journal of Criminology 51(6): 1035-1053.
	This paper uses multivariate multilevel models with data from the British Crime Survey to investigate individual and neighbourhood influences on perceptions of local and national crime trends. In response to debates about the negative consequences of immigration and ethnic diversity, we specifically investigate the influence of ethnic heterogeneity on such perceptions. Results indicate that a person's socio-demographic background and their newspaper readership have the strongest association with perceptions of national trends whilst the strongest association with pessimistic views on localized crime is whether the individual has been a recent crime victim. Results suggest no negative effects for ethnic diversity. Moreover, the findings indicate that living in a mixed neighbourhood is associated with a reduced likelihood of perceiving rising levels of national crime. [ABSTRACT FROM PUBLISHER]
Copyright of British Journal of Criminology is the property of Oxford University Press / USA and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Mohorko, A. and V. Hlebec (2015). "Effect of a first-time interviewer on cognitive interview quality." Quality and Quantity 49(5): 1897-1918.
	Cognitive interviews are a useful tool for questionnaire pretesting. However, detailed information on the proper way of performing them is scarce-researchers use this method without agreement on applicable techniques or specific rules on their realization. Additionally, users of cognitive interviewing techniques only seldom explain the pretesting results in their research, leaving it to readers to trust their outcomes. Follow-up observations on the success of the interviews and the overall experience are rarely, if ever, presented. We were interested in the learnability of the techniques when performed by non-experienced, newly instructed interviewers; moreover, we wanted to understand the most common problems they had experienced. During a five-year period, 120 methodology students performed 612 cognitive interviews and analyzed 17 different survey questionnaires. The precise documentation of their assignment served as a detailed database of qualitative and quantitative information on their experiences. The results present the first-time interviewers' ability to accurately perform and analyze a cognitive interview. We show the most common mistakes and issues in all stages of the interviewing process, the influence of different interviewers' and respondents' characteristics, and the effect of the technique on the interview's success.

Moilanen, K. L. (2016). "Why Do Parents Grant or Deny Consent for Adolescent Participation in Sexuality Research?" Journal of Youth and Adolescence 45(5): 1020-1036.
	Issue Title: Special Issue: Understanding Wanted and Unwanted Relationships To date, there is limited knowledge about how parents make decisions about adolescents' participation in sexuality research. This gap was addressed in the present study, which explored parents' reasons for providing or denying consent and their suggestions for improving the likelihood of consent. 151 parents responded through anonymous internet surveys (85.3 % mothers; 87 % European American). Those who would likely consent were largely motivated by potential benefits and limited risks of participating in the study. Those unlikely to consent expressed discomfort with sexual content, which they viewed as inappropriate for sexually-naïve adolescents. Most were somewhat more likely to consent if researchers engaged in ethical research practices (e.g., protecting confidentiality). As in other adolescent life domains, parents' decisions strongly reflected their desire to protect their teenagers' wellbeing, though respondents' means of pursuing this goal varied. The discussion centers on the findings' implications for theory development and recruitment efforts.

Molcho, M., et al. (2009). "Cross-national time trends in bullying behaviour 1994-2006: findings from Europe and North America." International Journal of Public Health 54(suppl.2): 225-234.
	Objectives: To identify trends over 12 years in the prevalence of bullying and associated victimization among adolescents in North American and European countries. Methods: Cross-sectional self-report surveys were obtained from nationally representative samples of 11-15 year old school children in 21 countries in 1993/94 and in 27 countries in each of 1997/98, 2001/02 and 2005/06. Measures included involvement in bullying as either a perpetrator and/or victim. Results: Consistent decreases in the prevalence of bullying were reported between 1993/94 to 2005/06 in most countries. Geographic patterns show consistent decreases in bullying in Western European countries and in most Eastern European countries. An increase or no change in prevalence was evident in almost all English speaking countries participating in the study (England, Scotland, Wales, Ireland and Canada, but not in the USA). Conclusion: Study findings demonstrated a significant decrease in involvement in bullying behaviour in most participating countries. This is encouraging news for policy-makers and practitioners working in the field of bullying prevention.

Moore, R., et al. (2012). "A survey of paint flakes on the clothing of persons suspected of involvement in crime." Science & Justice 52(2): 96-101.
	Abstract: A survey was undertaken to determine the background level of paint flakes on the clothing of persons suspected of involvement in crime. The debris from 100 garments submitted for casework examination was studied and paint flakes recovered where present. Seventy two percent of garments bore one or more flakes. A total of 703 flakes were recovered; size, topcoat colour, and number and colour of any under-layers were recorded for each. The distribution of paint flakes on clothing surfaces and in pockets was also noted. Results were compared with the previously published survey of Pearson, May and Dabbs (1971). This survey provides scientists with an updated data set for reference when considering the strength of paint evidence. [Copyright &y& Elsevier]
Copyright of Science & Justice is the property of Elsevier B.V. and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Moradiasl, E., et al. (2019). "The impact of climatic factors on spatial distribution of scorpion stings in Ardabil Province, North-West of Iran; 2012-2017." Shiraz E Medical Journal 20(2): e69333-e69333.
	Background: Scorpion sting is a major health threatening problem in the world, while most victims in Iran are children. Identification of high-risk areas for scorpion stings and dispersal areas map can help to control, prevent, and take effective measures in a timely manner. Objectives: The current study aimed at investigating the scorpion stings and determining the distribution status and spatial analysis in Ardabil Province, North-West of Iran. Methods: The current cross sectional study collected the routine human scorpion stings information from health houses, healthcare centers, and hospitals of Ardabil Province from 2012 to 2017 in standard epidemiological surveillance forms. The current study employed Arc GIS 10.2.3 and the space map projection to provide spatial distribution maps of high-risk areas for scorpion stings. Results: Eight hundred fifteen cases of scorpion stings from all 10 counties of Ardabil Province were reported. During the study period, there was direct significant relationship between the increase of scorpion sting cases and temperature, as with 3°C average annual temperature increase, the incidence rate of scorpion sting increased from 5.45/100,000 in 2012 to 16.32/100,000 in 2017. Two hot zones of scorpion stings were detected in Khalkhal and Germi counties; the Southern and Northern areas of the province, respectively. Conclusions: According to the current study findings, there were some hot zones of scorpion stings in Southern and Northern areas of the province. In addition, since the increase of temperature and reduction of rainfall and humidity coincide with the increase of scorpion stings, it is expected that with the increase of temperature in the next years with regard to the global warming phenomenon, scorpion stings also increase in this province.

Morin, E., et al. (2016). "Ciguatera fish poisoning: incidence, health costs and risk perception on Moorea Island (Society archipelago, French Polynesia)." Harmful Algae 60: 1-10.
	Ciguatera Fish Poisoning (CFP) is a non-bacterial seafood poisoning well characterized in the remote archipelagos of French Polynesia, yet poorly documented in the Society archipelago, most notably on Moorea, the second most populated island in French Polynesia, which counts a high proportion of fishermen fishing on a regular basis. To address this knowledge gap, a holistic study of the ciguatera issue was conducted on Moorea. First, ciguatera risk was analysed in terms of incidence rate, fish species most commonly involved and risk stratification in Moorea lagoon based on 2007-2013 epidemiological data. A mean incidence rate of 8 cases per 10,000 inhabitants for the study period and an average under-reporting rate of 54% were found. Taking into account hospitalization and medication fees, and loss of productive days, the health-related costs due to CFP were estimated to be USD $1613 and $749 for each reported and unreported case, respectively, with an overall cost of USD $241,847 for the study period. Comparison of the present status of CFP on Moorea with a risk map established in the late 1970's showed that the spatial distribution of the risk has stayed relatively stable in time, with the north shore of the island remaining the most prone to ciguatera. Evaluation of the current knowledge on CFP among different populations groups, i.e. fishermen, residents and visitors, was also conducted through direct and indirect interviews. About half of the fishermen interviewed were actually able to identify risky fishing areas. While, overall, the CFP risk perception in the fishing community of Moorea seemed accurate, although not scientifically complete, it was sufficient for the safe practice of their fishing activities. This may be due in part to adaptive responses adopted by 36% of the fishermen interviewed, such as the avoidance of either high-risk fishing sites or toxic species. At the residents and visitors' level, the study points out a striking lack of awareness of the CFP issue among visitors, as compared to local residents. Indeed, less than 25% of Moorea visitors vs. an average of 98% in residents were aware of CFP or of its presence on the island. Interestingly, evaluation of the fish consumption preferences showed that 70% of visitors do not consume lagoon fish during their stay, not for fear of CFP, but mainly due to the lack of availability of these species in recreational facilities or because they have nutritional preference for pelagic fish. This lack of awareness, along with the report by several CFP patients of the consumption of fish species yet banned for sale, stress the need for improved communication efforts on this critical issue among both residents and visitors on Moorea. The implementation of a public outreach strategy is proposed, based on both existing information networks and low-cost communication actions through information displays at various strategic locations, e.g. Tahiti-Faa'a international airport, the ferry boat station, recreational facilities, as well as the major trading points on Moorea Island.

Moukarram, H., et al. (2012). "Awareness and acceptance of the pandemic influenza (H1N1 v 2009) vaccination among antenatal patients in a district general hospital." Journal of Obstetrics and Gynaecology 32(6): 537-539.
	Pandemic H1N1 influenza virus was the cause of worldwide respiratory infection in 2009. The majority of these infections were self-limiting, however, high-risk groups, including pregnant women were at increased risk of mortality and morbidity from swine flu. Because of these risks, the World Health Organization recommended that pregnant women should receive the swine flu vaccine during pregnancy. The swine flu vaccine, like the seasonal flu vaccine, is safe to use in pregnancy. In view of the obvious benefits and safety of the pandemic flu vaccine, we decided to undertake a survey to assess the awareness and uptake of the vaccine among pregnant women in our local community. In our survey, lack of counselling from healthcare providers and fears of risks from the vaccine are the main reasons for refusal. For these reasons, healthcare professionals are provided with up-to-date information about the vaccine and are asked to provide this information to pregnant women at all stages of pregnancy in order to increase their awareness and acceptance of the vaccine.

Moulaye, A. (2019). "Assessment of lumbar puncture skills in students, interns and residents attending hospital internship. / Évaluation des étudiants, internes et résidents sur la pratique de la ponction lombaire au cours des stages hospitaliers." Pan African Medical Journal 33.
	Although lumbar puncture is recognized as a great contributor to the diagnosis of some neurological diseases, the modalities of learning this procedure are still poorly defined in training programs for students attending their hospital internships. Apprehension related to the lack of experience and the fear of failure accelerates the abandonment of the practice. This study aims to assess lumbar puncture skills in the students at the Faculty of Medicine in Nouakchott as well as their subjective experience of this procedure. We conducted a survey of TCEM and DCEM 4 interns, residents and students in May 2017. An anonymous questionnaire on teaching and lumbar puncture practice was elaborated and completed by 92 participants. Data were analyzed using SPSS 20 software. Out of 105 question sheets, only 92 were workable, reflecting a participation rate of 87.6%. Sixty-seven boys and twenty-five girls participated in the survey. Twelve participants had never performed lumbar puncture, most often because they had low self-esteem. Nearly 10% of students had never learned to do this procedure and 22% had learned it without a supervisor (senior doctor). Lumbar puncture failure rate was 45% among our trainees. Few of them recognized (7.5%) that they had prescribed sedation or local anesthesia to patients before lumbar puncture. Sitting position was much more used than lateral decubitus, but 30% of students reported that they had used both. Lumbar puncture was used to help diagnosis in 69% of cases but in 25% of cases it was performed for diagnostic and therapeutic purpose. Diagnostic indications were dominated by meningitis and meningoencephalitis while normal pressure hydrocephalus was the primary motivation for therapeutic lumbar puncture. Our interns reported that complications mainly included traumatic lumbar puncture followed by headache. Lumbar puncture was mainly performed in the Department of Pediatrics (35%), followed by the Department of Neurology (29%), the Emergency Department (19%) and Internal Medicine (9%). The results of our survey show that lumbar puncture practice is still difficult and risky for many students and that they are not sufficiently prepared for it. The modalities of procedure teaching and learning should be reviewed by supervisors, who could integrate new techniques, such as medical simulation dummies, as in most developed countries.

Mu, H., et al. (2013). "Long-term effects of livestock loss caused by dust storm on Mongolian inhabitants: a survey 1 year after the dust storm." Yonago Acta Medica 56(1): 39-42.
	Background: Every spring, windblown dust storms damage human health and cause many domestic animal deaths in Mongolia. In particular, mass livestock death results in severe, direct economic loss to inhabitants. However, there is little empirical evidence to demonstrate the long-term effects of dust storm, especially in terms of health-related quality of life (HRQoL) secondary to livestock loss. We evaluated the long-term effects of livestock loss on Mongolian inhabitants. Methods: We performed a cross-sectional survey of HRQoL using 36-item short-form health survey (SF-36, an index of the health condition) 1 year after a dust storm. The study subjects were 64 inhabitants of stricken areas of Mongolia. The data collection method was a face-to-face interview with a questionnaire. Results: A total of 64 subjects were interviewed, 81% in the victims group and 19% in the non-victims group. The mean number of livestock victims was 83.3, s=128.3. The SF-36 subscale scores were lower among people who lost livestock than among those who did not. Multiple regression analysis displayed a significant association between livestock loss and HRQoL (general health: β=-0.476, P=0.021; vitality: β=-0.359, P=0.013). Conclusion: Our results provide preliminary evidence that livestock loss has long-term effects on HRQoL. Thus, it is necessary to conduct epidemiologic surveys on disorders associated with dust storms and devise countermeasures for the future.

Muhuri, S. and S. Basu (2018). "Developing Residential Social Cohesion Index for High-Rise Group Housing Complexes in India." Social Indicators Research 137(3): 923-947.
	This study aimed to develop a social cohesion index for understanding the social relation between residents in high-rise group housing complexes through a self-reported questionnaire. As a background of the study, literature on social cohesion and related literature on residents’ social relation in high-rise housing were reviewed. Later, we selected different high-rise group housings of Kolkata, a city in the eastern region of India. We conducted few focus group surveys involving the residents of those high-rises and also conducted expert opinion surveys to identify a context-specific list of statements for evaluating residential social cohesion. Finally, based on the responses of interviews from 652 residents of the identified high-rise housings from the same city, followed by confirmatory factor analyses, three factors of residential social cohesion were identified with adequate reliability and validity. This index holds huge potential to explore residential social relation in high-rise housing and carry out empirical studies, across various disciplines, in other cities in the country and outside the country of similar socio-economic and cultural context.

Mumford, E., et al. (2016). "Parenting Profiles and Adolescent Dating Relationship Abuse: Attitudes and Experiences." Journal of Youth & Adolescence 45(5): 959-972.
	Parenting behaviors such as monitoring and communications are known correlates of abusive outcomes in adolescent dating relationships. This longitudinal study draws on separate parent (58 % female; 61 % White non-Hispanic, 12 % Black non-Hispanic, 7 % other non-Hispanic, and 20 % Hispanic) and youth (ages 12-18 years; 48 % female) surveys from the nationally representative Survey of Teen Relationships and Intimate Violence. Latent class analyses were applied to investigate whether there are distinguishable parenting profiles based on six measures of parent-youth relationship and interactions, with youth's attitudes about abusive dating behavior and both perpetration and victimization examined in a follow-up survey as distal outcomes (n = 1117 parent-youth dyads). A three-class model-a 'Positive Parenting' class, a 'Strict/Harsh Parenting' class, and a 'Disengaged/Harsh Parenting' class-was selected to best represent the data. The selected latent class model was conditioned on parents' (anger trait, relationship quality, attitudes about domestic violence) and youth's (prior victimization and perpetration) covariates, controlling for parent's gender, race/ethnicity, income, marital status, and youth's age and gender. Youth in the 'Positive Parenting' class were significantly less likely 1 year later to be tolerant of violence against boyfriends under any conditions as well as less likely to perpetrate adolescent relationship abuse or to be a victim of adolescent relationship abuse. Parents' anger and relationship quality and youth's prior perpetration of adolescent relationship abuse as well as gender, age, and race/ethnicity predicted class membership, informing universal prevention program and message design, as well as indicated efforts to target communications and services for parents as well as for youth. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Journal of Youth & Adolescence is the property of Springer Nature and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Mumford, E. A., et al. (2016). "Parenting Profiles and Adolescent Dating Relationship Abuse: Attitudes and Experiences." Journal of Youth and Adolescence 45(5): 959-972.
	Issue Title: Special Issue: Understanding Wanted and Unwanted Relationships Parenting behaviors such as monitoring and communications are known correlates of abusive outcomes in adolescent dating relationships. This longitudinal study draws on separate parent (58 % female; 61 % White non-Hispanic, 12 % Black non-Hispanic, 7 % other non-Hispanic, and 20 % Hispanic) and youth (ages 12-18 years; 48 % female) surveys from the nationally representative Survey of Teen Relationships and Intimate Violence. Latent class analyses were applied to investigate whether there are distinguishable parenting profiles based on six measures of parent-youth relationship and interactions, with youth's attitudes about abusive dating behavior and both perpetration and victimization examined in a follow-up survey as distal outcomes (n = 1117 parent-youth dyads). A three-class model--a "Positive Parenting" class, a "Strict/Harsh Parenting" class, and a "Disengaged/Harsh Parenting" class--was selected to best represent the data. The selected latent class model was conditioned on parents' (anger trait, relationship quality, attitudes about domestic violence) and youth's (prior victimization and perpetration) covariates, controlling for parent's gender, race/ethnicity, income, marital status, and youth's age and gender. Youth in the "Positive Parenting" class were significantly less likely 1 year later to be tolerant of violence against boyfriends under any conditions as well as less likely to perpetrate adolescent relationship abuse or to be a victim of adolescent relationship abuse. Parents' anger and relationship quality and youth's prior perpetration of adolescent relationship abuse as well as gender, age, and race/ethnicity predicted class membership, informing universal prevention program and message design, as well as indicated efforts to target communications and services for parents as well as for youth.

Mupendwa, B. P. K. and J. L. K. Ntokamunda (2009). "Treatment adhesion and factors affecting it at the Kadutu Clinic (Democratic Republic of the Congo). / Niveau d'adhésion et problèmes inhérents chez des malades VIH/sida sous traitement ARV: cas de la clinique "MSF/Hollande" de Kadutu (République Démocratique du Congo)." Cahiers d'Études et de Recherches Francophones/Santé 19(4): 205-212.
	The overall objective of this work is to determine the degree of adhesion of adult patients with HIV infection or AIDS to their anti retroviral treatment. We sought to identify all of the obstacles that can impair adhesion so that we could propose some methods of optimizing it. This descriptive cross-sectional survey used a standardized questionnaire, completed by a group of 70 patients aged 15 to 49 years (40 women and 30 men) followed for at least two years as the Opportunistic Infections Clinic of Kadutu. We also interviewed the nursing staff to determine the management of these patients. We measured adhesion with the following variables: regularity of appointments, the likelihood of forgetting doses, and the number of doses not taken per year, per week and per month. Despite good adhesion, patients noted the major points that are likely to impair adhesion, that is, fear of side effects, insufficient meals, difficulty of organising life around the treatment routine, forgetfulness, being with others, the large number of drugs to be taken, and emotional condition. Finally, we note that the adhesion to antiretroviral treatments of patients living with HIV at this clinic was supported by Doctors without Borders in Bukavu in the DRC, which provides free drugs throughout their illness, in a favorable psychosocial environment, and supplies some food to help delay death and improve its circumstances.

Murphree, R., et al. (2009). "Prospective health assessment of Fort Campbell, Kentucky patrons bitten by ticks." Military Medicine 174(4): 419-425.
	Amblyomma americanum is an aggressive human-biting tick that transmits several known human pathogens and is associated with a Lyme disease-like illness of unknown etiology. To determine the frequency, distinguishing clinical characteristics, and etiology of A. americanum-associated illness and identify associated risk factors, a prospective study of adult tick-bite victims was conducted at Fort Campbell from 2005-2007. Forty-two participants submitted ticks, none of which contained Borrelia lonestari or B. burgdorferi DNA. Thirty-three participants completed a follow-up health survey; 14 reported at least one symptom; two had erythema migrans-like rash; eight sought medical evaluation for their symptoms. Findings suggest that a variety of symptoms are temporally associated with tick bite but data provide no clear evidence that reported symptoms were caused by an infectious process. Removing a tick by hand or being bitten on a limb may be a risk factor for illness.

Murray, H. B., et al. (2017). "Will I get fat? 22-year weight trajectories of individuals with eating disorders." International Journal of Eating Disorders 50(7): 739-747.
	Objective: For some, fat phobia or fear of uncontrollable weight gain is diagnostic of eating disorders, often inhibiting treatment engagement and predicting symptom relapse. Prior research has reported weight changes at infrequent or long intervals, but rate, shape, and magnitude of long-term changes remain unknown. Our study examined 22-year longitudinal trajectories of body mass index (BMI) in women with anorexia nervosa (AN) and bulimia nervosa (BN). Method: Participants were followed over 10 years (N=225) and at 22-year follow-up (N=175). Using latent growth curves, we examined: (1) shape and rate of intra-individual BMI change over 10 years; (2) predictors of BMI change over 10 years, (3) 22-year BMI outcomes; and (4) BMI changes over 10 years as predictors of 22-year BMI. Results: The best-fitting model captured overall intra-individual rates of BMI change in three intervals, showing moderate rate of BMI increase from intake to year 2, modest increase from year 2 to 5, and plateau from year 5 to 10. At 22 years, 14% were underweight, 69% were normal weight, and only 17% were overweight or obese. Greater increases from intake to year 2 predicted higher BMI at 22 years (β=0.43, p&lt;0.01) and were predicted by intake diagnosis of AN-restricting (β=0.31, p&lt;0.01) or AN-binge eating/purging (β=0.29, p&lt;0.01). Discussion: BMI increased most rapidly during earlier years of the study for those with lower weight at study intake (i. e., AN) and plateaued over time, settling in the normal range for most. Psychoeducation about expected BMI trajectory may challenge patients' long-term fat phobic predictions.

Muthusamy, S., et al. (2019). "Effect of menstruation on girls and their schooling, and facilitators of menstrual hygiene management in schools: surveys in government schools in three states in India, 2015." Journal of Global Health 9(1): 010408-010408.
	Background: Lack of menstrual knowledge, poor access to sanitary products and a non-facilitating school environment can make it difficult for girls to attend school. In India, interventions have been developed to reduce the burden of menstruation for school girls by government and non-governmental organizations (NGOs). We sought to identify challenges related to menstruation, and facilitators of menstrual management in schools in three states in India. Methods: Surveys were conducted among menstruating school girls in class 8-10 (above 12 years of age) of 43 government schools selected through stratified random sampling in three Indian states (Maharashtra, Chhattisgarh, Tamil Nadu) in 2015. For comparison, ten model schools supported by NGOs or UNICEF with a focussed menstrual hygiene education program were selected purposely in the same states to represent the better-case scenario. We examined awareness about menarche, items used for menstruation, and facilitators on girls' experience of menstruation in regular schools and compared with model schools. Factors associated with school absence during menstruation were explored using multivariate analysis. Findings: More girls (mean age 14.1 years) were informed about menstruation before menarche in model schools (56%, n=492) than in regular schools (36%, n=2072, P&lt;0.001). Girls reported menstruation affected school attendance (6% vs 11% in model vs regular schools respectively, P=0.003) and concentration (40% vs 45%, P=0.1) and was associated with pain (31% vs 38%, P=0.004) and fear of stain or smell (11% vs 16%, P=0.002). About 45% of girls reported using disposable pads in both model and regular schools, but only 55% and 29% of pad-users reported good disposal facilities, respectively (P&lt;0.001). In multivariate analysis, reported absenteeism during menstruation was significantly lower in Tamil Nadu (adjusted prevalence ratio (APR) 95% confidence interval (CI)=0.24, 0.14-0.40) and Maharashtra (APR 0.56, CI=0.40-0.77) compared to Chhattisgarh, and halved in model compared to regular schools (APR 0.50, CI=0.34-0.73). Pain medication in school (APR 0.71, CI=0.51-0.97) and use of disposable pads (APR 0.57, CI=0.42-0.77) were associated with lower absenteeism and inadequate sanitary facilities with higher absenteeism during menstruation. Conclusions: Menstrual hygiene education, accessible sanitary products, pain relief, and adequate sanitary facilities at school would improve the schooling-experience of adolescent girls in India.

Mwangi, M. W., et al. (2015). "Perpetrators and context of child sexual abuse in Kenya." Child Abuse & Neglect 44: 46-55.
	Child sexual abuse (CSA) interventions draw from a better understanding of the context of CSA. A survey on violence before age 18 was conducted among respondents aged 13–17 and 18–24 years. Among females (13–17), the key perpetrators of unwanted sexual touching (UST) were friends/classmates (27.0%) and among males, intimate partners (IP) (35.9%). The first incident of UST among females occurred while traveling on foot (33.0%) and among males, in the respondent's home (29.1%). Among females (13–17), the key perpetrators of unwanted attempted sex (UAS) were relatives (28.9%) and among males, friends/classmates (31.0%). Among females, UAS occurred mainly while traveling on foot (42.2%) and among males, in school (40.8%). Among females and males (18–24 years), the main perpetrators of UST were IP (32.1% and 43.9%) and the first incident occurred mainly in school (24.9% and 26.0%), respectively. The main perpetrators of UAS among females and males (18–24 years) were IP (33.3% and 40.6%, respectively). Among females, UAS occurred while traveling on foot (32.7%), and among males, in the respondent's home (38.8%); UAS occurred mostly in the evening (females 60.7%; males 41.4%) or afternoon (females 27.8%; males 37.9%). Among females (18–24 years), the main perpetrators of pressured/forced sex were IP and the first incidents occurred in the perpetrator's home. Prevention interventions need to consider perpetrators and context of CSA to increase their effectiveness. In Kenya, effective CSA prevention interventions that target intimate relationships among young people, the home and school settings are needed. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Child Abuse & Neglect is the property of Pergamon Press - An Imprint of Elsevier Science and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Nabatanzi, A. and I. Nakalembe (2016). "Wild food plants used by people living with HIV/AIDS in Nakisunga sub-county, Uganda." African Journal of Food, Agriculture, Nutrition and Development 16(4): 11310-11330.
	The human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) has a devastating impact on the victims' health, nutrition and food security. The prevalence of HIV/AIDS and other opportunistic infections calls for research into natural products to find solutions to this pandemic. This involves exploration of the readily available wild food plant species (WIFPs) and promotion of their consumption especially among the vulnerable and marginalised groups of people. In Nakisunga sub-county, WIFPs are consumed by people living with HIV/AIDS (PLWHA) because of their presumed nutrition and health benefits. Despite exploitation of WIFPs by PLWHA, there have been no empirical studies to document the indigenous knowledge on WIFPs' usage in Nakisunga sub-county. This study aimed at providing information regarding the consumption of WIFPs by PLWHA in Nakisunga sub-county because of their presumed nutritional and health benefits. An ethnobotanical survey was conducted in which 60 semi-structured questionnaires were administered. A snowball sampling approach was used to identify other PLWHA in their respective villages since these people always met on clinic days and knew where each of them resided. Individual interviews were supplemented with direct observations and 3 Focus Group Discussions (FGDs) guided by a checklist of questions. Eighty-four WIFPs from 66 genera and 41 families were identified. Priority species were Abrus precatorius L., Amaranthus spinosus L., Physalis angulata L., Hibiscus sabdariffa L. and Solanum nigrum L. Fifty-six WIFPs were used as food only and 28 species served as food and medicine. The majority (43%) of WIFPs were herbaceous and mainly collected from the wild (75%). The most frequently consumed plant parts were the fruits (34%) and leaves (33%). These were consumed as snacks (23%) and vegetables (24%), respectively. Boiling (37%) was the commonest method of preparation used. Documentation of this indigenous knowledge on WIFPs' consumption by PLWHA will help promote them for wider usage and initiate scientific validation of their nutrient quality. In conclusion, there is a diversity of WIFPs in this area which are being added to the diets of PLWHA because of their presumed nutritional significance. These species need to be taken further for scientific validation of their nutrient quality and conservation measures devised for their sustainable production.

Nabors, L., et al. (2019). "Predictors of victimization among youth who are overweight in a national sample." Pediatric Obesity 14(7): e12516-e12516.
	Objectives: The current cross-sectional study examined whether children who are overweight experience greater levels of parent-reported bullying behaviors and victimization using a national sample. Additionally, the relations among child (mental health), family (parent-child sharing of information), and contextual factors (neighborhood safety, school engagement) and risk of victimization in children who are overweight were assessed. Methods: Caregivers provided data via the 2016 National Survey of Children's Health. A series of multinomial logistic regressions were conducted with the subsample of children aged 10 to 17 years (N=26 094). Results: Youth who were overweight were more likely to be victimized, but not more likely to bully. Being engaged in school and neighborhood safety were protective factors among youth who were overweight, while living in families where information is shared and difficulty making friends were risk factors. Conclusions: Children who were overweight were more likely to be victims, rather than perpetrators, of bullying. Health professionals should assess family and contextual factors in relation to victimization status when developing interventions.

Naderi, M. M., et al. (2011). "The first study on classification of Iranian domestic cats' behavior problems and their associated risk factors." Global Veterinaria 6(3): 339-345.
	Not only behavioral disorders, but also normal behaviors are important causes of euthanasia and abandonment of healthy cats. The aim of this study was to evaluate prevalence and risk factors of behavior problems in cats presented to the Small Animal Clinic at Islamic Azad University through the observation of some variables. The data was collected from 140 successfully completed questionnaires via face to face interview with owners. The relationship between independent variables such as age, sex, breed, mating status, number of family members, multicasts households, outdoor access, owner's education and marital status with some important behavioral problems including inappropriate elimination, aggression, compulsive behavior destructive scratching, overactivity, fear of noises, fear of people and other animals and separation anxiety prevalence in domestic Iranian cats was analyzed. The main behavior problems reported by owners were inappropriate urine elimination (42%) and aggression (24.3%). Inappropriate faeces elimination, destructive scratching, overractivity, separation anxiety, fear of noises, compulsive behavior and fear of people and other animals were the next behavior problems with the prevalence of 18.6, 13.6, 10, 7.1, 6.4, 4.3 and 3.6%, respectively. Male cats were more likely to exhibit inappropriate elimination of faeces, aggression and inappropriate elimination of urine than their female counterparts. Geriatric cats were more likely to exhibit aggression than kittens or adults. Additionally, European Shorthair cats were more likely to display aggression than Persian cats. In conclusion, the prevalence of behavior problems in domestic Iranian cats was influenced by the age, sex, breed, multicasts household and outdoor access of the animals.

Nagelhout, E., et al. (2017). "Barriers to colorectal cancer screening in a racially diverse population served by a safety-net clinic." Journal of Community Health 42(4): 791-796.
	Colorectal cancer (CRC) is the second leading cause of cancer-related deaths in the US, yet screening rates remain low among minority populations. The purpose of the current study was to identify differences in the endorsement of barriers to CRC screening and to evaluate the association between provider recommendation and CRC screening adherence among Hispanic, Pacific Islander and White patients. This study utilized a cross sectional survey design to identify patient-reported barriers to CRC screening. Logistic regression was utilized to evaluate the association between patient demographic characteristics (race/ethnicity, gender, age), having received provider recommendation, and patient awareness of CRC screening. The study sample was comprised of a diverse population (N=197); 48% Hispanic, 25% White, 10% Pacific Islander, 4% Black and 13% other races/ethnicity. The median age of participants was 58, yet fewer than 30% were up-to-date for CRC screening. The most commonly cited barriers included fear of test results (27.6%), inability to leave work for a CRC screening appointment (26.9%), being unaware of the need for colonoscopy (25.4%), and lack of provider recommendation for CRC screening (24.9%). Only 16.2% of participants reported that a provider had discussed CRC screening options with them. After adjusting for age and gender, Hispanic patients were less likely to report having had a provider discuss CRC screening options compared to White patients (OR=0.24, 95% CI: 0.09-0.68, p&lt;0.05). The findings from this study indicate that patient's perceived screening barriers, lack of awareness and a lack of provider communication about CRC screening options may contribute to low screening rates among minority populations.

Náhlík, J., et al. (2010). "Dog bites to children in the Czech Republic: the risk situations." Acta Veterinaria Brno 79(4): 627-636.
	The aim of this study was to analyse dog bites to children in the Czech Republic. Data were obtained from a questionnaire completed with children aged 4 to 13 years in 11 urban and rural primary schools. A total of 103 dog bites sustained by 92 children were analysed using chi square test and F test. There were 58 boys (56.3%) and 45 girls (43.7%) bitten, 57.3% of them once, 42.7% repeatedly. The evaluated answers showed that children were bitten when playing with own dogs (69.2%) or dogs known to them (30.8%) but not by unknown dogs (χ2=25.397, df=1, p&lt;0.001). Children were bitten outdoors by loose running unknown dogs (88.5%), known dogs (11.5%) but not by own dogs (χ2=55.528, df=2, p&lt;0.001). Thirty-two children were bitten indoors by small (53.1%), medium size (21.9) or large (25.0%) dogs. Small dogs were biting mostly indoors (51.5%), medium size (73.1%) and large (80.5%) dogs bit mostly outdoors (χ2=9.0022, df=2, p=0.011). Most of the children that disturbed a resting or sleeping dog were bitten indoors (83.3%; χ2=7.862, df=1, p&lt;0.01), predominantly by small dogs (83.3%, χ2=7.482, df=2, p=0.022). When stroking a dog, children were bitten by a medium size (45.5%), large (31.8%) or small dog (22.7%; χ2=5.588, df=2, p&lt;0.068). Children injured by their family-owned dog had accidentally caused pain to it before being bitten (83.3%; χ2=7.862, df=1, p&lt;0.012). These children were always bitten by a small dog (χ2=7.482, df=2, p=0.022). Three children reported deliberately causing pain to a dog - these were all small dogs (100.0%; χ2=6.279, df=2, p&lt;0.05). Children teasing dogs were bitten most frequently by a small dog (75.0%; χ2=6.98, df=2, p&lt;0.032). Male dogs bit more frequently (66.7%) than females (33.3%; χ2=6.338, d.f.=1, p=0.014). These data were the first ones obtained from the bitten children. They suggest that in interactions with own, known and small dogs, children were more daring. The personal space of dogs, their warning signals, and defence were underestimated, the resulting aggression was mostly of possessive, territorial and fear type. Additional suggestions are made to complete the information on preventive measures for parents, children and the public. Importantly, all information types should point out that the dog remains a predator despite its long domestication history and close co-existence with humans.

Naicker, N., et al. (2016). "Household factors associated with self-harm in Johannesburg, South African urban-poor households." PLoS ONE 11(1): e0146239-e0146239.
	Introduction: Low and middle income countries bear the majority burden of self-harm, yet there is a paucity of evidence detailing risk-factors for self-harm in these populations. This study aims to identify environmental, socio-economic and demographic household-level risk factors for self-harm in five impoverished urban communities in Johannesburg, South Africa. Methods: Annual serial cross-sectional surveys were undertaken in five impoverished urban communities in Johannesburg for the Health, Environment and Development (HEAD) study. Logistic regression analysis using the HEAD study data (2006-2011) was conducted to identify household-level risk factors associated with self-harm (defined as a self-reported case of a fatal or non-fatal suicide attempt) within the household during the preceding year. Stepwise multivariate logistic regression analysis was employed to identify factors associated with self-harm. Results: A total of 2 795 household interviews were conducted from 2006 to 2011. There was no significant trend in self-harm over time. Results from the final model showed that self-harm was significantly associated with households exposed to a violent crime during the past year (Adjusted Odds Ratio (AOR) 5.72; 95% CI 1.64-19.97); that have a member suffering from a chronic medical condition (AOR 8.95; 95% 2.39-33.56) and households exposed to indoor smoking (AOR 4.39; CI 95% 1.14-16.47). Conclusion: This study provides evidence on household risk factors of self-harm in settings of urban poverty and has highlighted the potential for a more cost-effective approach to identifying those at risk of self-harm based on household level factors.

Nakano, R., et al. (2013). "Single-nucleotide polymorphisms in GALNT8 are associated with the response to interferon therapy for chronic hepatitis C." Journal of General Virology 94(1): 81-89.
	New anti-hepatitis C virus (HCV) therapeutics developed recently are more effective and lead to improvements in sustained viral response. However, interferon (IFN) monotherapy is still used to a limited extent for fear of adverse effects. This study investigated host genetic factors affecting the IFN response in patients with chronic hepatitis C (CHC). Using a two-step design, a large-scale association screening including 1088 Japanese CHC patients treated with IFN was performed employing ~70000 gene-based single-nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs). Replication was tested in an independent Japanese cohort of 328 patients. Fine-mapping and functional analyses were also performed. Through two-step screening, it was found that rs2286580 in intron 6 of the gene encoding N-acetylgalactosaminyltransferase 8 (GALNT8) on chromosome 12 was significantly associated with a sustained viral response (combined P=3.9×10-6, odds ratio 1.52, 95% confidence interval 1.29-1.82). The association was replicated in an additional cohort of 328 Japanese patients. In subgroup analysis, GALNT8 variants were associated with treatment outcome independently of HCV genotype. By contrast, the outcome of pegylated IFN and ribavirin combined therapy was not affected by the SNP. Fine-mapping analysis revealed that the association peak was at rs10849138 in intron 6 of GALNT8. Allele-specific transcription analysis demonstrated that GALNT8 expression was upregulated by an unfavourable allele of the variant. A luciferase reporter assay demonstrated that overexpression of GALNT8 attenuated IFN-α-induced gene transcription via the IFN-stimulated response element. These results suggest that GALNT8 variants contribute to the response to IFN therapy against CHC, providing a new insight into antiviral mechanisms of IFN.

Nasrullah, M. and S. Muazzam (2010). "Newspaper reports: a source of surveillance for burns among women in Pakistan." Journal of Public Health 32(2): 245-249.
	Background - Our study attempts to describe the demographics, characteristics of victims and perpetrators, and circumstances leading to burn events among females in Pakistan. Methods - Human Rights Commission of Pakistan (HRCP) systematically collected data on burns among women using newspaper reports from January 2004 till December 2005. We analyzed the aggregated data and estimated burn rates. Results - A total of 222 burn events were reported from 2004 to 2005; complete data were not available for all variables. Adults (≥18 years) constituted 74% (91/123) of cases with 95% (121/127) being married. Most burns were caused by bursting of stoves (34%; 64/189) or victims set-on fire (33%; n=63/189). Burns using acids accounted for 13% (25/189). Husbands (52%; 51/98) and in-laws (23%; 23/98) were the perpetrators in known burn events. Burns were classified as accidental in half of cases (51%; 97/189) and related to domestic issues in a quarter (25%; 47/189). There were 49% of (92/189) burns that were reported as intentional. The mean annual rate of burns among women (15-64 years of age) was found to be 33 per 100 000. Conclusion - Newspaper reports are good source of surveillance when information is otherwise limited. Majority of burns (51%) were classified as accidental while 49% were reported as intentional, though there is a limitation in the accuracy of reported accidental events. There is a dire need for systematic data collection and devising preventive strategies for this important public health problem that remains largely neglected in Pakistan.

Navarro, J. N. and S. Clevenger (2017). "Calling Attention to the Importance of Assisting Male Survivors of Sexual Victimization." Journal of School Violence 16(2): 222-235.
	Most of the research focusing on sexual victimization on college campuses has focused on females as victims. This attention is warranted given that studies have consistently found that females are at more risk of experiencing victimization compared to males. However, a drawback of this emphasis is that laypersons may incorrectly believe that men cannot be victims too. This belief is directly challenged by various findings that indicate college men are also sexually assaulted. In order to draw attention to this under researched topic, we used data from a recent climate survey conducted at a mid-sized rural institution of higher education. The results of this study indicated that males, in addition to females, experienced various types of sexual victimization in this setting. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Journal of School Violence is the property of Taylor & Francis Ltd and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Naved, R. T. (2013). "Sexual violence towards married women in Bangladesh." Archives of Sexual Behavior 42(4): 595-602.
	This article explored the magnitude and nature of within marriage sexual violence against women and factors associated with physically forced sex by husbands in urban and rural Bangladesh using population-based survey data from 2001 (n=2,702). Results showed high prevalence of lifetime sexual violence: 37% in urban and 50% in rural areas. An overwhelming majority of the women reported being sexually abused by husbands more than once. Logistic regression analyses revealed that six out of ten independent variables included in the models were significant. The factors positively associated with physically forced sex by husbands during the last 12 months were: history of physical abuse of husband's mother by his father; level of controlling behavior by husband; and forced or coerced first sex. Women's age (20-24 compared to 15-19) and dowry demand at marriage increased the likelihood of this violence in the rural area. Urban women in the second and third income quartiles were more likely to be exposed to this violence compared to women in the first quartile. Results highlight the need for prevention programs targeting men, which would help at the same time to break the cycle of intergenerational exposure and thereby transmission of violence. Notions of gender equality; women's sexual rights; and women's right to consent and choice need to be widely promoted particularly among men.

Nawrotzki, R. J., et al. (2016). "Climate, migration, and the local food security context: introducing Terra Populus." Population and Environment 38(2): 164-184.
	Studies investigating the connection between environmental factors and migration are difficult to execute because they require the integration of microdata and spatial information. In this article, we introduce the novel, publically available data extraction system Terra Populus (TerraPop), which was designed to facilitate population-environment studies. We showcase the use of TerraPop by exploring variations in the climate-migration association in Burkina Faso and Senegal based on differences in the local food security context. Food security was approximated using anthropometric indicators of child stunting and wasting derived from Demographic and Health Surveys and linked to the TerraPop extract of climate and migration information. We find that an increase in heat waves was associated with a decrease in international migration from Burkina Faso, while excessive precipitation increased international moves from Senegal. Significant interactions reveal that the adverse effects of heat waves and droughts are strongly amplified in highly food insecure Senegalese departments.

Negreiros, J. d. S., et al. (2018). "Epidemiological profile of canine aggression reported in the city of Cruzeiro do Sul, Acre, from 2007 to 2015. / Perfil epidemiológico das agressões caninas notificadas no município de Cruzeiro do Sul, Acre, durante o período de 2007 a 2015." Arquivos de Ciências da Saúde da UNIPAR 22(2): 81-86.
	The interaction between men and animals results in consequences for public health, such as the increase of rabies cases, a lethal zoonosis. In this study, a total of 1047 file cards from the Brazilian Notification Aggravation Information System (Sistema de Informação de Agravos de Notificação-SINAN) were analyzed. The analyzed data was representative of human anti-rabies preventive treatment in the city of Cruzeiro do Sul, Acre, from 2007 to 2015. Most cases were registered in 2013 (17.95%). The highest incidence of attacks occurred in urban regions (86.1%). Wounds from dog bites corresponded to 98.66% of the attacks. The animals were classified as suspected rabies in 65.42% of cases. However, only 1% were clinically diagnosed as positive. Only 4% of the human victims were subjected to examination for post-exposure titration. The results indicate that Public Health programs should consider dog bite attacks in the urban area as a priority in the city of Cruzeiro do Sul.

Neubacher, F., et al. (2017). "Viktimisierung und Kriminalitätsfurcht im ländlichen Tansania." Farm crime in rural Tanzania - Evidence from a household survey. 100(4): 272-290.
	The article presents findings from a crime victim survey which was conducted in summer 2016 as a household survey in six Tanzanian villages. They reveal that the villagers have been victimised at an unexpected high rate, mostly in relation to the theft of livestock or crops. While 37 % of the households reported having been victimized during the last 12 months, 71 % of all incidents were related to theft. Repeated victimisation is not a rare case. Fear of theft is widespread and has to be understood in the context of food security. Furthermore, the article draws on how the victims deal with the crime events in terms of reporting behavior, conflict mediation and prevention measures. It is a follow-up of Neubacher & Grote on rural crime in developing countries in this journal (No. 3/2016). (English) [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Der Beitrag präsentiert Ergebnisse einer Viktimisierungsstudie, die im Sommer 2016 als Haushaltsbefragung in sechs Dörfern des ostafrikanischen Landes durchgeführt wurde.1 Sie offenbaren, dass die Landbevölkerung in hohem Maße durch Diebstähle betroffen ist, insbesondere von Nutztieren und landwirtschaftlichen Erzeugnissen. 37 % der 820 befragten Haushalte berichteten von einer Straftat während der letzten 12 Monate, 71 % der Taten waren Diebstähle. Mehrfachviktimisierungen sind nicht selten. Stark ausgeprägt ist auch die Furcht vor Diebstählen, die im Zusammenhang mit dem Problem der Nahrungsmittelsicherung zu sehen ist. Außerdem wird berichtet, wie die Betroffenen mit den schädigenden Ereignissen umgehen (Anzeigeverhalten, Konfliktschlichtung, Sicherungsmaßnahmen). Der Aufsatz schließt an den Beitrag von Neubacher & Grote in Heft 3/2016 über rurale Kriminalität in Entwicklungsländern an. (German) [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Monatsschrift fuer Kriminologie und Strafrechtsreform is the property of De Gruyter and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Neubacher, F. and U. Grote (2016). "Rurale Kriminalität in Entwicklungsländern." Monatsschrift fuer Kriminologie und Strafrechtsreform 99(3): 199-214.
	In criminology very little is known about crime in developing countries. Rural areas in particular are neglected. Departing from the study of Clinard & Abbott from 1973, the article reviews the state of the art and raises open questions. Inter alia, the unreliability of official statistics, data of the International Crime Victims Survey, and the relationship between crime and development are thoroughly discussed. Moreover, perspectives of future research are outlined. (English) [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Uber Kriminalität in Entwicklungsländern weiß die Kriminologie sehr wenig; insbesondere was den ländlichen Raum betrifft. Ausgehend von der Studie von Clinard & Abbott von 1973 gibt der Beitrag einen Überblick über den gegenwärtigen Wissensstand und die offenen Fragen. Eingehend erörtert werden u.a. die Unzuverlässigkeit offizieller Statistiken, Befunde des International Crime Victims Survey sowie theoretische Zusammenhänge zwischen Kriminalität und Entwicklung. Außerdem werden die potenziellen Konturen künftiger Forschung aufgezeichnet. (German) [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Monatsschrift fuer Kriminologie und Strafrechtsreform is the property of De Gruyter and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Neumann, R. (2016). "Understanding trustworthiness: using response latencies from CATI surveys to learn about the "crucial" variable in trust research." Quality and Quantity 50(1): 43-64.
	Research on trustworthiness and trust behavior so far has followed different methodological approaches and has generated conflicting evidence regarding their interrelationships. While several authors follow the definition of trustworthiness as a belief or a formed expectancy by Person A about Person B to do X (usually to reward trust), different hypotheses can be derived regarding its formation, depending on whether one treats trustworthiness as incentive-based or as a propensity or disposition. Additionally, distinct measurement approaches for trustworthiness exist, depending on the mode of data collection. With theoretical claims that trustworthiness represents "the crucial variable" (Hardin in Trust, 2006 ) for understanding and explaining successful cooperation based on trust, the article proposes the use of para-data in the form of response latency measurement to enhance the understanding of the thought processes behind forming an assessment of trustworthiness. The study uses pooled data from two CATI surveys conducted in Germany in 2012 to test hypotheses on the underlying cognitive process of forming an expectation of trustworthiness by applying the techniques of both response latency measurement and Cox regression models. We find that the applied survey measures of trustworthiness generate inconsistent results regarding the underlying process of forming expectations. Consequences for future research are discussed.

Newtonraj, A., et al. (2019). "Status of coverage of MR vaccination, after supplementary immunization activities in a rural area of South India: a rapid immunization coverage survey." Rural and Remote Health 19(3): 5261-5261.
	Introduction: After a commendable achievement on polio-free status for the South-East Asian Region (SEAR), WHO is now focusing towards measles elimination, which is still a major contributor of under-five mortality in SEAR. India has introduced measles and rubella (MR) vaccination throughout the country through supplementary immunization activity, followed by introducing the same in the routine vaccination. Health indicators and public health system functioning in the southern states of India are good, so India introduced the MR campaign in the southern high-performing states as phase 1 on 5 April 2017. The aim of the campaign was to vaccinate more than 95% of eligible children (aged 9 months to 15 years). At the same time, rumors and negative campaigning about this initiative started in social media. This study aimed to measure the coverage of MR vaccination among the target population in South India. Methods: Data was collected immediately after phase 1 of the MR vaccine campaign in April 2017. Data was collected based on the WHO-recommended 30/7 rapid monitoring method. Thirty villages around the Rural Health Training Centre of Pondicherry Institute of Medical Sciences were selected and seven children aged 9 months to 5 years and seven children aged 6 to 15 years from each village were included. Children were classified as 'vaccinated' or 'not vaccinated' based on the WHO 'card or history' method. Results: Among the total sample of 420 children, 380 children (90.5% (range 87.4-93.0%)) were found to be vaccinated and 40 children (9.5% (range 7.0-12.6%)) were found to be unvaccinated. Most of the people came to know about the MR vaccination through auxiliary nurses and midwives, followed by school teachers. The main reasons for not getting vaccinated was fear of an adverse event following vaccination or fear of injection. Reasons for not getting vaccinated were significantly associated with usage of smartphone by at least one of the parents (adjusted odds ratio (OR) 2.1 (1.1-4.2)), better literacy level among mothers (adjusted OR 5.2 (1.1-24.8)) and poor literacy level among fathers (adjusted OR 3.6 (1.1-11.5)). Conclusion: Despite the negative propaganda by social media, the coverage of vaccination by the public healthcare providers was near optimal in phase 1, which shows the strength of the public health system in this rural area of southern India. In accordance with the modern technology, public health policymakers should think about and plan information education and communication activities.

Ng, F., et al. (2018). "UK Survey of Non-Medical Use of Prescription Drugs (NMURx) as a valuable source of general population illicit drug use data." Postgraduate Medical Journal 94(1117): 627-633.
	Purpose of study: The aim of the study is to describe the prevalence of illicit drug use in England and Wales using data from the UK Survey of Non-Medical Use of Prescription Drugs (NMURx) programme and to compare against the well-established Crime Survey England and Wales (CSEW). The rationale is that recreational and illicit drug use is common, but the prevalence is difficult to estimate with personal interviewing methods. Study design: We compared two cross-sectional population surveys (NMURx, n=8903 and CSEW, n=20685) with data regarding self-reported recreational drug use and demographics. NMURx is an online survey using non-probability sampling methodology with preset demographical quotas based on census data. CSEW surveys drug use via computer-assisted self-interviewing as part of a computer-assisted personal-interviewing crime survey. Results: Cannabis was the most frequently used drug regardless of demographics. Prevalence of drug use for specific substances was generally higher for males, younger ages and students. The relationship between income and drug misuse is less clear. Self-reported prevalence of drug use in the NMURx survey is consistently higher than CSEW (absolute difference 1%-3% across substances and timescales) and persists after stratification for gender, age, student status and household income. Conclusions: The NMURx survey has a broad reach of participants, and a sampling scheme that achieves external validity, compared with general population demographics. NMURx's online format allows flexibility in items surveyed and in response to emerging trends. The self-reported drug use in the NMURx cohort is comparable, although slightly higher, than the CSEW estimates.

Ngo, F. and R. Paternoster (2013). "Stalking Strain, Concurrent Negative Emotions, and Legitimate Coping Strategies: A Preliminary Test of Gendered Strain Theory." American Journal of Criminal Justice 38(3): 369-391.
	Using data from the Supplemental Victimization Survey of the NCVS and relying on theoretical direction provided by Broidy and Agnew's gendered strain theory, we examine gender differences in the concurrent emotional responses to a type of strain that has not been examined by GST researchers: stalking. In particular, we assess whether males and females experience similar levels of concurrent negative emotions and whether concurrent negative emotions are similarly associated with legitimate coping resources for males and females. We found the co-occurrence of emotions is more typical among females than males and the impact of concurrent emotions on the strain/non-crime relationship appear to affect females more than males. One notable finding that emerged from our results is that the co-occurrence of emotions can have both proscriptive and precipitating effects on legitimate outcomes. The implications of our findings for theorists and researchers are also discussed. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of American Journal of Criminal Justice is the property of Springer Nature and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Ngo, F. and R. Paternoster (2013). "Stalking, Gender, and Coping Strategies: A Partial Test of Broidy and Agnew's Gender/General Strain Theory Hypotheses." Victims & Offenders 8(1): 94-117.
	Using data from the Supplemental Victimization Survey (SVS) of the National Crime Victimization Survey (NCVS) and relying on theoretical direction provided by Broidy and Agnew's gendered strain theory, we examine gender differences in the emotional reactions and behavioral outcomes to one type of serious strain: stalking. We found females experienced significantly higher levels of stalking strain than males for only one type of stalking strain, the experience of stalking appeared to elevate anger among male victims and reduce anger among female victims, and female victims were more likely to express a variety of nonangry emotions in response to stalking stress as well as adopt a variety of legitimate coping mechanisms in order to deal with their victimization. We also uncovered that one emotional reaction to strain, fear, was more prominent for females than males. The implications of our findings are also discussed. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Victims & Offenders is the property of Routledge and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Ngo, F. T. (2014). "Toward a Comprehensive Model on Stalking Acknowledgment: A Test of Four Models." Crime & Delinquency 60(8): 1158-1182.
	Using a sample of national stalking victims, this study draws from four general models applied in previous works on sexual harassment acknowledgment to propose a comprehensive model of stalking acknowledgment. The results indicate that the type of stalking behaviors, personal characteristics of victims, negative emotions experienced by victims, and changes in perceptions due to the intrusive behaviors are significant correlates of stalking acknowledgment. Implications of findings relating to the qualification of legal definitions of stalking and stalking reportage are also discussed. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Crime & Delinquency is the property of Sage Publications Inc. and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Ngo, F. T. and R. Paternoster (2013). "Stalking, Gender, and Coping Strategies: A Partial Test of Broidy and Agnew's Gender/General Strain Theory Hypotheses." Victims & Offenders 8(1): 94-117.
	Using data from the Supplemental Victimization Survey (SVS) of the National Crime Victimization Survey (NCVS) and relying on theoretical direction provided by Broidy and Agnew's gendered strain theory, we examine gender differences in the emotional reactions and behavioral outcomes to one type of serious strain: stalking. We found females experienced significantly higher levels of stalking strain than males for only one type of stalking strain, the experience of stalking appeared to elevate anger among male victims and reduce anger among female victims, and female victims were more likely to express a variety of nonangry emotions in response to stalking stress as well as adopt a variety of legitimate coping mechanisms in order to deal with their victimization. We also uncovered that one emotional reaction to strain, fear, was more prominent for females than males. The implications of our findings are also discussed. Adapted from the source document.

Ngo, F. T. and R. Paternoster (2016). "Toward an Understanding of the Emotional and Behavioral Reactions to Stalking." Crime & Delinquency 62(6): 703-727.
	Using data from the Supplemental Victimization Survey and relying on theoretical direction provided by Agnew’s general strain theory, we examine whether specific types of stalking experiences trigger specific types of negative emotional states and whether specific negative emotional states are in turn associated with specific types of noncriminal coping mechanisms. We find that while several of the stalking experiences trigger a variety of negative emotional states, other stalking experiences do not exhibit any association with negative emotions. We also uncover that negative emotional states in response to strain can trigger legitimate coping mechanisms. One notable finding that emerged from our results is that feeling annoyed/angry is significantly associated with noncriminal coping strategies. The policy implications of our findings are also discussed. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Crime & Delinquency is the property of Sage Publications Inc. and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Ngongo, P. B., et al. (2017). "A survey of stakeholder perceptions towards pre-exposure prophylaxes and prospective HIV microbicides and vaccines in Kenya." Journal of AIDS and Clinical Research 8(3): 678-678.
	Understanding potential users' preferences for new HIV prevention options is an important component in designing effective roll-out and uptake plans. We surveyed opinions of 164 opinion leaders, health workers and key population representatives in five regions in Kenya to examine their preferences, concerns, perceived benefits and recommendations on Pre-exposure prophylaxes (PrEP) and potential HIV microbicides and vaccines. Data was captured via questionnaires and focus group discussions. We coded emerging themes in the data then extracted representative quotes. Cost, accessibility and efficacy were key determinants of acceptability and demand across prevention modalities. Myths, misconceptions, product associated stigma and anticipated societal resistance were identified as potential barriers to uptake, though the specifics of these varied from product to product. Vaccines elicited specific fears related to product-induced HIV infection and infertility. There was a strong preference for injectable over oral delivery of vaccines. There was also the perception that vaccines were more 'socially acceptable' and carried less stigma and concern around disinhibition than the other products. For microbicides, most groups favored the self-administered gel over ring or film because of individual's ability to control when to stop in case of side effect; however, health care providers showed a preference for the ring. Respondents expressed concern over potential side-effects and the stigmatization of product users. With PrEP, there was a difference of opinion on the preferred mode of administration, with health care providers and MSM preferring oral PrEP and other respondents opting for longlasting injectable. Perceived benefit of PrEP was its demonstrated ability to protect against HIV. The primary concern associated with PrEP was safety and side effects. These included anxieties about the risk of taking drugs when one was not sick. Product design needs to proactively take into account community preferences and provide options that fit individual preferences as well as socio-cultural contexts.

Nguyen, M. T. T., et al. (2017). "Factors associated with influenza and pneumococcal vaccine uptake among rheumatoid arthritis patients in Denmark invited to participate in a pneumococcal vaccine trial (Immunovax_RA)." Scandinavian Journal of Rheumatology 46(6): 446-453.
	Objective: This study investigates predictors of influenza and pneumococcal vaccine coverage among rheumatoid arthritis (RA) patients, and explores possible differences according to type of RA therapy. Method: RA patients from two clinics in the region of Southern Denmark were informed about the survey during scheduled follow-up visits. The questionnaire included questions concerning previous influenza and pneumococcal vaccine uptake, attitudes about vaccination, and socio-demographic factors. Factors associated with recalled vaccine uptake were assessed by multivariate logistic regression. Results: A total of 192 RA patients completed the survey, 134 (70%) of whom were women and 90 (47%) were aged ≥65 years. Sixty-seven patients (35%) received conventional disease-modifying anti-rheumatic drugs (cDMARDs) and 125 (65%) combination therapy with biological disease-modifying anti-rheumatic drugs (bDMARDs). Self-reported uptake of vaccination against seasonal influenza ever was 59% overall; 57% among patients receiving cDMARDs and 61% in patients receiving bDMARDs. Self-reported vaccine uptake against pneumococcal diseases was only 6% overall. Older age, educational level, and information and recommendation by a specialist or general physician were positively associated with influenza vaccine uptake, while there was no significant difference in vaccine uptake according to RA treatment type. Reasons for not being vaccinated included fear of adverse effects, lack of information and recommendation, and perception of good health. Conclusion: We observed a low prevalence of influenza and in particular of pneumococcal vaccinations among RA patients receiving immunosuppressive drugs, with no difference in coverage according to type of RA therapy. More population-specific evidence to support recommendations is required to increase awareness among patients and physicians.

Nichani, V., et al. (2019). "A population-based study of the associations between neighbourhood walkability and different types of physical activity in Canadian men and women." Preventive medicine 129: 105864-105864.
	Few Canadian studies have examined whether or not associations between neighbourhood walkability and physical activity differ by sex. We estimated associations between perceived neighbourhood walkability and physical activity among Canadian men and women. This study included cross-sectional survey data from participants in 'Alberta's Tomorrow Project' (Canada; n=14,078), a longitudinal cohort study. The survey included socio-demographic items as well as the International Physical Activity Questionnaire (IPAQ) and the abbreviated Neighbourhood Environment Walkability Scale (NEWS-A), which captured perceived neighbourhood built characteristics. We computed subscale and overall walkability scores from NEWS-A responses. Covariate-adjusted generalized linear models estimated the associations of participation (≥10 min/week) and minutes of different types of physical activity, including transportation walking (TW), leisure walking (LW), moderate-intensity physical activity (MPA), and vigorous-intensity physical activity (VPA) with walkability scores. Walkability was positively associated with participation in TW, LW, MPA and VPA and minutes of TW, LW, and VPA. Among men, a negative association was found between street connectivity and VPA participation. Additionally, crime safety was negatively associated with VPA minutes among men. Among women, pedestrian infrastructure was positively associated with LW participation and overall walkability was positively associated with VPA minutes. Notably, overall walkability was positively associated with LW participation among men and women. Different perceived neighbourhood walkability characteristics might be associated with participation and time spent in different types of physical activity among men and women living in Alberta. Interventions designed to modify perceptions of neighbourhood walkability might influence initiation or maintenance of different types of physical activity.

Nidom, C. A., et al. (2012). "Genetic characterization of H5N1 influenza viruses isolated from chickens in Indonesia in 2010." Virus Genes 44(3): 459-465.
	Since 2003, highly pathogenic H5N1 avian influenza viruses have caused outbreaks among poultry in Indonesia every year, producing the highest number of human victims worldwide. However, little is known about the H5N1 influenza viruses that have been circulating there in recent years. We therefore conducted surveillance studies and isolated eight H5N1 viruses from chickens. Phylogenic analysis of their hemagglutinin and neuraminidase genes revealed that all eight viruses belonged to clade 2.1.3. However, on the basis of nucleotide differences, these viruses could be divided into two groups. Other viruses genetically closely related to these two groups of viruses were all Indonesian isolates, suggesting that these new isolates have been evolving within Indonesia. Among these viruses, two distinct viruses circulated in the Kalimantan islands during the same season in 2010. Our data reveal the continued evolution of H5N1 viruses in Indonesia.

Nilsson, D. K., et al. (2012). "Lifetime polytraumatization in adolescence and being a victim of bullying." Journal of Nervous and Mental Disease 200(11): 954-961.
	The purpose of this study was to examine the mental health consequences of having been a victim of bullying and to investigate whether the impact of bullying was dependent on the co-occurrence of other potentially traumatic events, noninterpersonal traumas, interpersonal traumas, as well as adverse childhood circumstances. A community sample of participants (n=462; 216 males and 246 females) aged 15 to 20 years completed the self-administered Linkoping's Youth Life Experience Scale about lifetime exposure to a range of traumatic and other adverse events and circumstances and the Trauma Symptom Checklist for Children (TSCC). The results showed that those who reported being a victim of bullying reported significantly higher scores on all TSCC clinical scales as well as significantly more cases of other traumatic and adverse family exposures. Multiple linear regression analyses indicated that the impact of bullying on mental health was explained, to a considerable degree, by the accumulation of other adverse and traumatic exposures, particularly in the females.

Njuki, R., et al. (2012). "Exploring the effectiveness of the output-based aid voucher program to increase uptake of gender-based violence recovery services in Kenya: a qualitative evaluation." BMC public health 12(426): (12 June 2012)-(2012 June 2012).
	Background: Few studies in Africa have explored in detail the ability of output-based aid (OBA) voucher programs to increase access to gender-based violence recovery (GBVR) services. Methods: A qualitative study was conducted in 2010 and involved: (i) in-depth interviews (IDIs) with health managers, service providers, voucher management agency (VMA) managers and (ii) focus group discussions (FGDs) with voucher users, voucher non-users, voucher distributors and opinion leaders drawn from five program sites in Kenya. Results: The findings showed promising prospects for the uptake of OBA GBVR services among target population. However, a number of factors affect the uptake of the services. These include lack of general awareness of the GBVR services vouchers, lack of understanding of the benefit package, immediate financial needs of survivors, as well as stigma and cultural beliefs that undermine reporting of cases or seeking essential medical services. Moreover, accreditation of only hospitals to offer GBVR services undermines access to the services in rural areas. Poor responsiveness from law enforcement agencies and fear of reprisal from perpetrators also undermine treatment options and access to medical services. Low provider knowledge on GBVR services and lack of supplies also affect effective provision and management of GBVR services. Conclusions: The above findings suggest that there is a need to build the capacity of health care providers and police officers, strengthen the community strategy component of the OBA program to promote the GBVR services voucher, and conduct widespread community education programs aimed at prevention, ensuring survivors know how and where to access services and addressing stigma and cultural barriers.

No authorship, i. (2018). "“Effects of juvenile sex offender registration on adolescent well-being: An empirical examination”: Correction to Letourneau et al. (2017)." Psychology, Public Policy, and Law 24(1): 117-117.
	Reports an error in "Effects of Juvenile Sex Offender Registration on Adolescent Well-Being: An Empirical Examination" by Elizabeth J. Letourneau, Andrew J. Harris, Ryan T. Shields, Scott M. Walfield, Amanda E. Ruzicka, Cierra Buckman, Geoffrey D. Kahn and Reshmi Nair (Psychology, Public Policy, and Law, Advanced Online Publication, Nov 27, 2017, np). In the article, the department and affiliation were incorrectly listed for author Scott M. Walfield. The department and affiliation should have read Department of Criminal Justice, East Carolina University. All versions of this article have been corrected. (The following abstract of the original article appeared in record 2017-52425-001.) For decades, commentators have drawn attention to the potentially harmful effects of subjecting children to sex offender registration and notification policies. To date, however, these concerns have received limited empirical attention. This study is the first to compare registered and nonregistered children on several key domains in an effort to evaluate the unintended consequences of juvenile registration and notification. We surveyed 251 boys receiving treatment services for inappropriate or harmful sexual behavior, of whom 73 (29%) were or had been subjected to registration requirements. As predicted, Registered children reported more problems or fewer strengths on in the domains of mental health, peer relationships, and experiences with safety and victimization. Most notably, relative to Nonregistered children, Registered children reported significantly more severe suicidal cognitions and had higher odds of having recently attempted suicide in the past 30 days. Likewise, Registered children were 5 times more likely to have been approached by an adult for sex in the past year. Unexpectedly, Registered children also reported significantly greater perceived social support, perhaps reflecting efforts by family members and others to mitigate the harmful effects of registration. In combination with the available literature indicating that these policies do not improve public safety, the results of this study offer empirical support for the concerns expressed by those calling for the abolition of juvenile registration and notification policies. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2018 APA, all rights reserved)

No authorship, i. (2019). "“Measuring campus sexual misconduct and its context: The Administrator-Researcher Campus Climate Consortium (ARC3) survey”: Correction to Swartout et al. (2018)." Psychological Trauma: Theory, Research, Practice, and Policy 11(7): 801-801.
	Reports an error in "Measuring campus sexual misconduct and its context: The Administrator-Researcher Campus Climate Consortium (ARC3) survey" by Kevin M. Swartout, William F. Flack Jr., Sarah L. Cook, Loreen N. Olson, Paige Hall Smith and Jacquelyn W. White (Psychological Trauma: Theory, Research, Practice, and Policy, 2019[Jul], Vol 11[5], 495-504). In the article, the authors found that the following references better supported their research and have updated Table 1. See erratum for full description. The online version of this article has been corrected. (The following abstract of the original article appeared in record 2018-38057-001.) Objective: In response to The White House Task Force to Protect Students from Sexual Assault’s recommendations, the Administrator-Researcher Campus Climate Collaborative (ARC3) has curated an empirically sound, no-cost campus climate survey for U.S. institutions of higher education. The ARC3 survey contains 19 modules that assess a range of Title IX violations, including sexual harassment, dating violence, and sexual misconduct victimization and perpetration; sexual misconduct prevention efforts, resources, and responses; and key predictors and possible outcomes of sexual misconduct. This article describes the ARC3 survey development and pilot test psychometric data. Method: A total of 909 students attending one of three U.S. universities responded to the survey; 85% of students who began the survey completed it. Students completed the ARC3 survey in slightly less than 30 min, on average. Results: The majority of measures produced evidence for at least acceptable internal consistency levels (α >.70), with only two short item sets having marginal reliability (α = .65–.70). Correlations among scales matched expectations set by the research literature. Students generally did not find the survey distressing; in fact, students viewed the climate assessment as important and personally meaningful. Conclusion: The survey performed sufficiently well in pilot testing to recommend its use with U.S. college populations. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2019 APA, all rights reserved)

Noble, L. M., et al. (2014). "The impact of injection anxiety on education of travelers about common travel risks." Journal of Travel Medicine 21(2): 86-91.
	Background: Despite many travelers receiving at least one vaccination during the pre-travel consultation, little is known about travelers' fear of injections and the impact this may have on educating travelers about health risks associated with their trip. This study aimed to investigate: (1) the prevalence of injection anxiety in travelers attending a pre-travel consultation, (2) whether anxiety due to anticipating a vaccination adversely affects recall of information and advice, and (3) whether clinicians can recognize travelers' anxiety, and how they respond to anxious travelers. Methods: Consecutive adult travelers (N=105) attending one of two inner-city travel clinics completed self-report measures of state anxiety, injection anxiety, and symptoms of needle phobia immediately before and after their pre-travel consultation. Clinicians were also asked to rate travelers' anxiety and report any anxiety management strategies. Standardized information was presented during the consultation and recall of information and advice was assessed immediately post-consultation. Delayed recall (24hours) was assessed for a subsample (20%) of participants. Results: More than one third of travelers reported feeling nervous or afraid when having an injection (39%). Travelers' state anxiety was related to their psychological and physiological reactions to needles, and reduced significantly post-consultation. Recall of information and advice varied, with failure of recall ranging from 2 to 70% across 15 items, and delayed recall being significantly lower. No relationship was found between recall and anxiety. Clinician-rated anxiety moderately correlated with travelers' self-reported anxiety. Conclusions: A significant proportion of travelers experienced injection anxiety when attending the pre-travel consultation, with some travelers reporting symptoms consistent with criteria for Blood Injection Injury phobia. There were important gaps in recall of information and advice about common travel risks. Although no relationship was found between recall and anxiety, this may have been due to the sample and setting.

Nozaki, I., et al. (2011). "Social factors affecting ART adherence in rural settings in Zambia." AIDS Care 23(7): 831-838.
	The purpose of this study was to assess the factors that influence ART adherence arising in rural settings in Zambia. A survey was conducted with face-to-face interviews using a semi-structured questionnaire and written informed consent was obtained at ART sites in Mumbwa District in rural Zambia. The questionnaire included items such as the socio-demographic characteristics of respondents, support for adherence, ways to remember when to take ARVs at scheduled times, and the current status of adherence. Valid responses were obtained from 518 research participants. The mean age of the respondents was 38.3 years and the average treatment period was 12.5 months. More than half of the respondents (51%) were farmers, about half (49%) did not own a watch, and 10% of them used the position of the sun to remember when to take ARVs. Sixteen percent of respondents experienced fear of stigma resulting from taking ARVs at work or home, and 10% felt pressured to share ARVs with someone. Eighty-eight percent of the participants reported that they had never missed ARVs in the past four days. Multivariable logistic regression analysis identified age (38 years old or less, odds ratio (OR)=2.5, 95% confidence interval (CI): 1.3-4.8, p=0.005), "remembering when to take ARVs based on the position of the sun" (OR=3.3, 95% CI: 1.3-8.8, p=0.016), and "feeling pressured to share ARVs with someone" (OR=4.4, 95% CI: 1.6-12.0, p=0.004) as independent factors for low adherence. As ART services expand to rural areas, program implementers should pay more attention to more specific factors arising in rural settings since they may differ from those in urban settings.

Nutsford, D., et al. (2016). "Residential exposure to visible blue space (but not green space) associated with lower psychological distress in a capital city." Health and Place 39: 70-78.
	As urbanisation escalates globally, urban neighbourhood features which may improve physical and mental health are of growing importance. Using a cross-sectional survey of adults and the application of novel geospatial techniques, this study investigated whether increased visibility of nature (green and blue space) was associated with lower psychological distress (K10 scores), in the capital city of Wellington, New Zealand. To validate, we also tested whether visibility of blue space was associated missing teeth in the same sample. Cluster robust, linear regression models were fitted to test the association between visibility of nature and K10 scores, adjusted for age, sex, personal income, neighbourhood population density, housing quality, crime and deprivation. Higher levels of blue space visibility were associated with lower psychological distress (β=-0.28, p&lt;0.001). Importantly, blue space visibility was not significantly associated with tooth loss. Further research is needed to confirm whether increased visibility of blue space could promote mental well-being and reduce distress in other cities.

O'Connor, T. M., et al. (2014). "Environmental and cultural correlates of physical activity parenting practices among latino parents with preschool-aged children: Ninos Activos." BMC public health 14(707): (10 July 2014)-(2010 July 2014).
	Background: Latino children are at high risk of becoming obese. Physical activity (PA) can help prevent obesity. Parents can influence children's PA through parenting practices. This study aimed to examine the independent contributions of (1) sociodemographic, (2) cultural, (3) parent perceived environmental, and (4) objectively measured environmental factors, to PA parenting practices. Methods: A cross-sectional sample of Latino parents (n=240) from Harris County, TX in 2011-2012 completed validated questionnaires to assess PA parenting practices, acculturation, familism, perception of their neighborhood environment, and demographics. Home addresses were mapped and linked to Census block-level crime and traffic data. Distance to the closest park was mapped by GIS. Regression models were built in a hierarchical step-wise fashion. Results: Combined models showed R2 of 6.8% to 38.9% for different parenting practices. Significant correlations included sociodemographic variables with having outdoor toys available, psychological control, and promotion of inactivity. Cultural factors correlated with PA safety concern practices. Perceived environmental attributes correlated with five of seven parenting practices, while objectively-measured environmental attributes did not significantly correlate with PA parenting practices. Conclusion: Interventions promoting PA among Latino preschoolers may need to address the social-ecological context in which families live to effectively promote PA parenting, especially parents' perceptions of neighborhoods.

Ogbuagu, C. N., et al. (2010). "Orphans and vulnerable children affected by sexual violence and HIV/AIDS in two local government areas in Anambra State Southern Nigeria." American-Eurasian Journal of Scientific Research 5(1): 05-11.
	The National HIV/AIDS and Reproductive Health Survey indicated that Nigeria has one of the highest number of AIDS orphans in the world, with an orphan population of about 1.4 million children. According to the survey, the planning status of births in Nigeria showed that 10% of all pregnancies are unwanted while 22% are unplanned. Sexual violence is one of the leading risk factors for orphanhood and HIV/AIDS in Nigeria. The study is aimed at surveying orphans and vulnerable children affected by sexual violence and HIV/AIDS in two Local Government Areas in Anambra State Southeastern Nigeria. The survey took place between August 2007 to July 2008 on orphans and vulnerable children aged 0-18 years old, who were direct and/or indirect victims of sexual violence and affected by HIV/AIDS. Data were collected in two Local Government Areas (LGAs): Ekwusigo and Nnewi North LGAs by trained research assistants through focus group discussions, advocacy visits, home-based care visits and during HIV counseling and testing. A Chi-square test was conducted for data analysis. A total of 1192 respondents were interviewed, out of which 628 (52.8%) were males and 562 (47.2%) were females. 474 (39.8%) were paternal orphans, 67 (5.6%) were double orphans and 63 (5.3%) were maternal orphans. 110 (9.2%) children were positive for HIV while total number of 800 (67.2%) parents or primary caregivers were positive for HIV. 475 (39.9%) children were direct and/or indirect victims of sexual violence. There was a close correlation between the HIV status of parent or primary caregivers and victims of sexual violence (P&lt;0.05). Majority of children who were victims to sexual violence obtained such indirectly through their mothers. There was no significant difference (P&gt;0.05) in the HIV status of children between sexes. There is needed more evaluation and interventions to prevent or respond to sexual violence and its profound consequences for the victim's social well-being. Its correlation with risk factors as HIV infection, paternal and maternal orphanhood may result in dropping out of school, homelessness at an early age, as well as stigmatization and rejection by families and communities. Therefore, more attention is needed from researchers, policy-makers and programme designers in this area.

Ogendo, A., et al. (2012). "Persons at high risk for HIV infection in Kisumu, Kenya: identifying recruitment strategies for enrolment in HIV-prevention studies." International Journal of STD & AIDS 23(3): 177-181.
	A combination of in-depth interviews (n=38) and surveys (n=203) were used to (1) identify strategies to recruit persons at high risk for HIV infection; (2) determine whether one strategy was more successful than others; and (3) describe motivators and barriers to participation in HIV-prevention studies. From in-depth interviews, four main recruitment strategies were identified: (1) use of a person with specific knowledge of a target population (link person mobilization); (2) use of co-workers or contemporaries (peer mobilization); (3) use of group or association leaders (leader mobilization); and (4) contacting persons by study staff directly (staff contact mobilization). The odds of inconsistently using condoms during sex were greater among those recruited using the peer mobilization (adjusted odds ratio [AOR]=3.59; 95% confidence interval [CI]=1.35-9.54) and the leader mobilization strategies (AOR=2.76; 95% CI=1.04-7.38) compared with the link person mobilization strategy. The main motivators for taking part in an HIV research study were receiving HIV-prevention education, HIV information or counselling, and receiving compensation for study participation. The main barriers were fear of lack of confidentiality and HIV testing concerns. Using evaluated strategies to recruit persons at high risk for HIV infection and addressing barriers to participation will improve the conduct and outcome of HIV-prevention studies.

Ogilvie, G. S., et al. (2016). "Correlates of women's intentions to be screened for human papillomavirus for cervical cancer screening with an extended interval." BMC public health 16(213): (2 March 2016)-(2012 March 2016).
	Background: High-risk HPV DNA testing has been proposed as a primary tool for cervical cancer screening (HPV-CCS) as an alternative to the Papanicolaou cytology-method. This study describes factors associated with women's intentions to attend cervical cancer screening if high-risk HPV DNA testing (HPV-CCS) was implemented as a primary screening tool, and if screening were conducted every 4 years starting after age 25. Methods: This online survey was designed using the Theory of Planned Behaviour to assess factors that impact women's intentions to attend HPV-CCS among women aged 25-69 upon exit of the HPV FOCAL trial. Univariate and regression analyses were performed to compare the demographic, sexual history, and smoking characteristics between women willing and unwilling to screen, and scales for intention to attend HPV-CCS. A qualitative analysis was performed by compiling and coding the comments section of the survey. Results: Of the 981 women who completed the survey in full, only 51.4% responded that they intended to attend HPV-CCS with a delayed start age and extended screening interval. Women who intended to screen were more likely to have higher education (AOR 0.59, 95% CI [0.37, 0.93]), while both positive attitudes (AOR 1.26, 95% CI [1.23, 1.30]) and perceived behavior control (AOR 1.06, 95% CI [1.02, 1.10]) were significant predictors of intention to screen. Among women who provided comments in the survey, a large number of women expressed fears about not being checked more than every 4 years, but 12% stated that these fears may be alleviated by having more information. Conclusions: Acceptability of increased screening intervals and starting age could be improved through enhanced education of benefits. Program planners should consider measures to assess and improve women's knowledge, attitudes and beliefs prior to the implementation of new screening programs to avoid unintended consequences.

O'Hea, E., et al. (2015). "Understanding smoking after acute illness: an application of the sentinel event method." Psychology & Health 30(8): 879-896.
	The sentinel event theory provides a stepwise approach for building models to understand how negative events can spark health behaviour change. This study tested a preliminary model using the sentinel events method in a sample (N=300) of smokers who sought care for acute cardiac symptoms. Patients completed measures on: smoking-related causal attribution, perceived severity of the acute illness event, illness-related fear and intentions to quit smoking. Patients were followed up one week after the health event and a seven-day timeline follow back was completed to determine abstinence from tobacco. Structural equation models were performed using average predictor scale scores at baseline, as well as three different time anchors for ratings of illness severity and illness-related fear. Quit intentions, actual illness severity and age were the consistent, positive and independent predictors of seven-day point prevalence abstinence. Additional research on the influences of perceptions and emotional reactions is warranted.

Okareh, O. T., et al. (2015). "Management of conflicts arising from disclosure of HIV status among married women in Southwest Nigeria." Health Care for Women International 36(2): 149-160.
	This study examined if disclosure to their spouses by married women living with HIV/AIDS resulted in conflicts. Fifty-seven women completed a questionnaire on conflict indicators. While 93% disclosed their status within 6 months of diagnosis, 12.3% did so through a third party. More than thirty-six percent (36.8%) confirmed that disclosure led to conflict. Although 19.3% had their conflicts resolved through a third party, 10% suffered separation. Marital status and fear of stigma significantly influence time to disclose (p&lt;.01 and p&lt;.05), while type of marriage strongly influences whether status will be disclosed (p&lt;.01). Programs for women with HIV should consider conflicts that may arise from disclosure.

Okenwa, L. and S. Lawoko (2010). "Social Indicators and Physical Abuse of Women by Intimate Partners: A Study of Women in Zambia." Violence & Victims 25(2): 278-288.
	Intimate partner physical abuse (IPPA) of women is a societal problem with sinister implications on health. IPPA has been integrally linked to social status though the direction of association remains elusive, not the least in sub-Saharan Africa. This article investigated the association between IPPA and social status of women in Zambia. Data comprising 3,969 currently partnered women were retrieved from the 2001 Zambian Demographic and Health Survey and analyzed using chi-square test and logistic regression. IPPA augmented with low education, income-generating activity, access to information, autonomy over household health issues, and having tolerant attitudes toward IPPA. Tolerant attitude toward IPPA and illiteracy were independent risk factors for IPPA. Educational interventions are recommended to prevent IPPA in Zambia. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Violence & Victims is the property of Springer Publishing Company, Inc. and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Okulicz-kozaryn, A. and J. M. Mazelis (2017). "More Unequal in Income, More Unequal in Wellbeing." Social Indicators Research 132(3): 953-975.
	This study focuses on the long-term trend in happiness by income level in the United States. General Social Survey data suggest that in the past, rich and poor Americans were not only more equal in terms of income, but also in terms of their subjective wellbeing: the happiness gap between the poor and the rich has been increasing. Today's poor suffer greater relative unhappiness than the poor of past decades. The gap between the poor and the rich is substantial, approximately 0.4 on a 1-3 happiness scale. The increase in the happiness gap is striking: comparing the 1970s to the 2000s, the gap has widened by about 40 % between the poor and the rich, and by about 50 % between the middle class and the rich.

Okulicz-kozaryn, A. and M. Strzelecka (2017). "Happy Tourists, Unhappy Locals." Social Indicators Research 134(2): 789-804.
	The most recent of literature focuses more often on the happiness of tourists, rather than the happiness of residents affected by tourism. However, this study aims at filling this gap with a new and refreshing perspective. This is carried out by using the European Social Survey (2010–2012) merged with Eurostat tourism data at the province (NUTS2) level. Staying consistent with homophily or ingroup preference theories, we find that domestic tourists contribute more to the happiness of locals than foreign tourists. Also by staying consistent with Irridex theory, we find that tourism at low levels of development contributes more to happiness than tourism at a high level of development.

Okyere, P., et al. (2019). "Factors associated with acute kidney injury recovery in a tertiary hospital in Ghana: a prospective study." Pan African Medical Journal 33.
	Introduction: Acute kidney injury (AKI) is a challenging problem in developing countries due to late presentation of its victims to health care facilities. Data on the pattern of AKI, its outcome and factors associated with its recovery is scanty in developing countries therefore impeding AKI management. Aim: To study AKI recovery rate and its associated factors. Methods: An observational study conducted from September 2013 to June 2014 at Korle-Bu Teaching Hospital (KBTH). Participants were adults, admitted with AKI at KBTH. Kidney Disease: Improving Global Outcomes (KDIGO) criteria was used to diagnose and stage AKI. Results: Mean age (SD) of the participants was 41.9 (± 19.2) years. About a third of the patients (34.6%) were less than 29 years with 30-39 years and 40-60 years constituting 23.0% and 23.6% respectively. Females were in the majority (56.0%). AKI stages I, II and III accounted for 11.0%, 6.8% and 70.7% respectively. Majority, 82.2% of the patients recovered their kidney function. Stage III AKI was significantly associated with decreasing odds of recovery [OR = 0.4, 95%CI = 0.4-2.6, p = 0.002]. In addition, normal blood sodium was associated with recovery from AKI [OR, 95%CI = 2.3, (1.1-5.3), p = 0.043]. Almost half (45.5%) presented with fever whereas 32.5% and 22.5% presented with peripheral oedema and pulmonary oedema respectively. Conclusion: The study demonstrated high kidney function recovery following AKI. Dominant clinical features were fever, peripheral and pulmonary oedema. Advanced stage was associated with poor recovery whereas normal serum sodium level improves kidney function recovery.

Olofsson, N., et al. (2012). "Fear of crime and psychological and physical abuse associated with ill health in a Swedish population aged 65-84 years." Public Health 126(4): 358-364.
	Objectives: To assess the association between fear of crime and/or psychological and/or physical abuse in relation to self-reported physical and psychological health, using a large representative sample of elderly women and men in Sweden. Study design Cross-sectional national survey. Methods: Data were taken from a nationwide representative public health survey (2006). Men and women between the ages of 65 and 84 years were selected for the present analyses (4386 men and 4974 women). The response rate for this age group was 59% for men and 70% for women. Results: Psychological and physical abuse against elderly women and men led to higher odds ratios for negative health outcomes, independently of socio-economic status. Strong correlation was found between psychological abuse and negative health outcomes in both men and women, while the correlation was less strong for physical abuse, especially among women. The men had high odds ratios for suicidal thoughts and even for attempted suicide in connection with physical and psychological abuse and fear of crime. Conclusions: The study provides representative results addressing an extensive negative health outcome panorama caused by fear of crime and exposure to abuse.

Olowokere, A. E., et al. (2018). "Knowledge, perception, access and utilisation of HIV counselling and testing among pregnant women in rural communities of Osogbo town, Nigeria." Australian Journal of Rural Health 26(1): 33-41.
	Objective: To assess knowledge, perception, access and utilisation of HIV counselling and testing among pregnant women from rural communities in Nigeria. Design: Descriptive cross-sectional survey. Setting: Primary health care facilities in rural communities of Osogbo, Osun State, Nigeria. Participants: Three-hundred pregnant women attending antenatal clinics in primary health care facilities. Main outcome measures: Knowledge of HIV counselling and testing, perception of HIV counselling and testing, utilisation of HIV counselling and testing and barriers associated with HIV counselling and testing utilisation. Results: Findings showed that 59.0% had good knowledge, while 56.7% had good perception. Majority (88.4%) of the 77.7% of respondents who reported the availability of HIV counselling and testing services said it was free and 61.3% of the respondents had HIV counselling and testing done before. Majority (78.3%) had one-on-one counselling, while a little above half (55.4%) gave consent for testing. However, less than half (36.3%) of the respondents were willing to have HIV counselling and testing done in the present pregnancy. There is significant association between the level of perception and utilisation of HIV counselling and testing. A significant association is also found between knowledge of HIV counselling and testing and utilisation. Key barriers found to be associated with utilisation of HIV counselling and testing include 'fear of how to cope with being positive' and 'absence of HIV counselling and testing centre'. Conclusion: Many women selected from rural communities demonstrated good knowledge and perception of HIV counselling and testing. The majority of them also had access to HIV counselling and testing and used it. However, some still have misconception about mother-to-child transmission of HIV.

Olsen, E. O., et al. (2014). "School violence and bullying among sexual minority high school students, 2009-2011." Journal of Adolescent Health 55(3): 432-438.
	Purpose: School-based victimization has short- and long-term implications for the health and academic lives of sexual minority students. This analysis assessed the prevalence and relative risk of school violence and bullying among sexual minority and heterosexual high school students. Methods: Youth Risk Behavior Survey data from 10 states and 10 large urban school districts that assessed sexual identity and had weighted data in the 2009 and/or 2011 cycle were combined to create two large population-based data sets, one containing state data and one containing district data. Prevalence of physical fighting, being threatened or injured with a weapon, weapon carrying, and being bullied on school property and not going to school because of safety concerns was calculated. Associations between these behaviors and sexual identity were identified. Results: In the state data, sexual minority male students were at greater risk for being threatened or injured with a weapon, not going to school because of safety concerns and being bullied than heterosexual male students. Sexual minority female students were at greater risk than heterosexual female students for all five behaviors. In the district data, with one exception, sexual minority male and female students were at greater risk for all five behaviors than heterosexual students. Conclusions: Sexual minority students still routinely experience more school victimization than their heterosexual counterparts. The implementation of comprehensive, evidence-based programs and policies has the ability to reduce school violence and bullying, especially among sexual minority students.

Olszewski, D. (2009). "Sexual assaults facilitated by drugs or alcohol." Drugs: Education, Prevention & Policy 16(1): 39-52.
	Over the past 10 years, there has been a rise in the number of reports of drugs being used covertly to incapacitate potential victims for the purpose of sexual assault. However, recent evidence from forensic studies indicates that alcohol is much more commonly implicated in cases of drug facilitated sexual assault (DFSA) when victims are too intoxicated to give consent. Campaigns that warn about the risk of becoming a victim, or even a perpetrator, of sexual assault by excessive use of alcohol are being increasingly promoted as a necessary step in addressing the problem. New recommendations from the UK Advisory Council on the Misuse of Drugs (ACMD) and from the Council of Europe call for better monitoring of drug- and alcohol-facilitated sexual assault. However, public attitudes to sexual assault in the form of stereotyping and victim blaming are prevalent and entrenched and are widely recognized as barriers to reporting this type of crime. Population surveys suggest that up to 20% of women experience some form of sexual assault in their adult lifetime but reporting and conviction rates remain low. Monitoring DFSA will require a raft of changes, including improved methods of forensic analysis and training for police and hospital emergency staff.

Oosterlee, A., et al. (2009). "Prevalence of family violence in adults and children: estimates using the capture-recapture method." European Journal of Public Health 19(6): 586-591.
	Background: Reliable prevalence estimates of family violence in adults and children are difficult to obtain. Most are based on surveys or registration counts, whose research designs and methods are often questionable, making the results difficult to compare. This article presents an alternative approach. Methods: The capture-recapture method (CRC), which makes it possible to estimate unknown numbers in a partly hidden population, was applied to data from eight collaborating organizations in Haarlem, The Netherlands. Results: Uniform data registration took place over a 7-month period. The 1-year prevalence rate for adult victims of family violence was estimated to be 2.0% of the adult population (95% CI: 1.3-3.1). For victims of child abuse, it was 1.5-2.5%, and for child witnesses of spouse-abuse, it was 1.2-2.1%, though small numbers made these results more uncertain. Only ~20% of all victims in the study were known to one or more of the participating organizations. Our results accorded quite well with results obtained by general health surveys in the Netherlands. Conclusions: CRC appears to be a valid and feasible research method for estimating the prevalence of family violence and child abuse. It can be used to complement other methods, especially in young children, in whom valid results are otherwise difficult to obtain.

Opekitan, A. T., et al. (2019). "Awareness of social infrastructures for victims of child abuse among primary health workers in Ogun State, Nigeria." International Quarterly of Community Health Education 40(1): 23-28.
	There is a significant dearth of information on available social infrastructures for helping victims of child abuse among all cadres of primary health-care workers. The aim of this study was to assess the level of awareness of social and legal structures among primary health-care workers, which can help in reducing incidences and taking action. The survey was a cross-sectional survey of 20 primary health-care centers and 86 health workers in Ogun State, Southwest Nigeria. The result showed a low level of awareness among health workers. A large percentage of health workers were unaware of any social infrastructure or hospital protocol for child abuse reporting: 68.4% of medical officers, 54.5% of nurses, and 66.7% of other health workers. There is a need for deliberate training among health workers on social infrastructure, which can help victims of child abuse.

Orji, A. and C. Agu (2018). "Analysis of Migration, Regional Characteristics, and Socioeconomic Outcomes in Developing Economies: Empirical Evidence from Nigeria." Journal of International Migration and Integration 19(3): 565-581.
	Highly skilled migrants from Nigeria and other developing countries are becoming more attractive resources for industrial countries, as these countries experience demographic shifts characterized by skilled labor force shortages in certain sectors of their economies. Although there are a number of regional characteristics that may affect migration outcomes, in this paper, we also include individual-level factors in our analyses, such as education and age. Again, this paper also examines the issue of the North-South divide in poverty and other characteristics and how these affect migration. Furthermore, this paper also identifies which regional economic factors influence the individual’s migration decision, taking into account personal characteristics. For empirical analysis, we used data from the Nigerian Migration Survey by the World Bank. The micro data allow us to identify household factors that influence migration decisions. In doing this, we control for different individual propensities to migrate and also assess the genuine impact of regional economic factors on migration. The results show that individual, regional, and country-specific factors make significant impact on migration decisions and dynamics. The paper concludes that socioeconomic variables and personal characteristics are crucial for explaining the pattern of regional migration flows in Nigeria. Thus, migration policies have to be adopted that will emphasize the mutual links between migration and development across the different regions.

Ortiz-Hernández, L., et al. (2009). "The association of sexual orientation with self-rated health, and cigarette and alcohol use in Mexican adolescents and youths." Social Science & Medicine 69(1): 85-93.
	Evidence of health inequities associated with sexual orientation has been gathered for industrialized countries. The situation for lesbians, gay males, and bisexuals (LGB) from middle- or low-income countries may be worse than those in industrialized nations. Here, we analyze the relationship of sexual orientation with self-rated health and cigarette and alcohol use among a representative sample of Mexican adolescents and youths between the ages of 12 and 29 years, in order to explore whether this association is mediated by discrimination and violence. Three dimensions of sexual orientation (affective attraction, sexual behavior, and identity) were assessed. The outcomes were self-rated health and cigarette and alcohol use. Compared to heterosexuals, LGB youths more frequently smoked ≥6 cigarettes per day, reported having experienced family violence, having crimes perpetrated against them, and having experienced violations of their rights. Among males, gays and bisexuals exhibited a higher risk of poor health than heterosexuals. Compared to heterosexual women, lesbians and bisexual women were more likely to consume alcohol. Many differences in self-rated health and substance use according to sexual orientation were explained by having experienced discrimination and violence. We concluded that lesbian and bisexual females have a higher prevalence of cigarette and alcohol use. It is necessary to develop policies and programs aimed at the reduction of substance abuse among LGB youths (focusing on females who engage in sexual contact with persons of the same gender) and to work against discrimination and violence experienced by LGB people, particularly against non-heterosexual males.

Oshikoya, K. A., et al. (2013). "Medication administration errors among paediatric nurses in Lagos public hospitals: an opinion survey." International Journal of Risk & Safety in Medicine 25(2): 67-78.
	OBJECTIVE: There is paucity of data on paediatric medicine administration error (MAE) in developing countries. This study aimed to investigate the experience of MAEs among paediatric nurses working in public hospitals in Lagos, Nigeria. DESIGN: A confidential, self-reporting questionnaire was the instrument for the study. SETTING: Public hospitals in Lagos, Nigeria with established paediatric services and departments. PARTICIPANTS: Paediatric nurses. METHODS: The questionnaire was administered to 75 nurses working in public hospitals in Lagos to obtain information on the experience of medication errors during their entire career, as well as to know their views on the nature of MAEs and the contributing factors. RESULTS: Fifty nurses responded to give a response rate of 66.7%. All the participants were females with a mean±s.d age of 35.3±10.7 years. Thirty two (64%) had committed at least one medication error over the course of their career. Wrong dose error (24; 48%) and wrong timing of medicine administration (20; 40%) were the MAEs frequently committed by the participants. The consequences of the errors included shock (23; 46%), restlessness (21; 42%), disorientation (11; 22%), and respiratory depression (10; 20%). Increased workload (26; 52%) and not double checking medicine doses (12; 24%) were the major factors the nurses perceived to be contributing to MAEs. Only 15(30%) nurses had reported MAEs to their superiors. Fear of intimidation, retribution or being punished (11; 22%) and lack of policies in place to report errors (13; 26%) were the two major barriers to reporting MAEs. Half (50%) of the nurses indicated that policies were available in their work places to prevent medication errors. CONCLUSIONS: Medication administration errors were frequently committed by the participants and resulted in some inconsequential effects, morbidity and deaths. Appropriate measures should be implemented to prevent future occurrences of MAEs.

Østby, G., et al. (2018). "Organized Violence and Institutional Child Delivery: Micro-Level Evidence From Sub-Saharan Africa, 1989–2014." Demography 55(4): 1295-1316.
	The conditions under which a mother gives birth greatly affect the health risk of both the mother and the child. This article addresses how local exposure to organized violence affects whether women give birth in a health facility. We combine geocoded data on violent events from the Uppsala Conflict Data Program with georeferenced survey data on the use of maternal health care services from the Demographic and Health Surveys. Our sample covers 569,201 births by 390,574 mothers in 31 countries in sub-Saharan Africa. We use a mother fixed-effects analysis to estimate the effect of recent organized violence events within a radius of 50 km of the home of each mother on the likelihood that her child is born in a health facility. The results indicate that geographical and temporal proximity to organized violence significantly reduces the likelihood of institutional births. Although the level of maternal health care overall is lower in rural areas, the negative effect of violence appears to be stronger in urban areas. The study further underscores the importance of household and individual resilience, indicating that the effect of organized violence on institutional child delivery is greater among poor and less-educated mothers.

Overberg, P. (2010). "The Media as Consumers of Statistics." Annals of the American Academy of Political and Social Science 631(1): 109-123.
	This article outlines the recent use of federal statistical data at USA Today , in print and online, showing broad, strong, and diverse results.

Owusu, A., et al. (2011). "The association between bullying and psychological health among senior high school students in Ghana, West Africa." Journal of School Health 81(5): 231-238.
	BACKGROUND: School-based bullying, a global challenge, negatively impacts the health and development of both victims and perpetrators. This study examined the relationship between bullying victimization and selected psychological variables among senior high school (SHS) students in Ghana, West Africa. METHODS: This study utilized data from the 2008 Ghana Global School-based Student Health Survey (GSHS). Prevalence rates of being bullied (95% confidence intervals [CI]) were calculated by each demographic group, as well as each psychological variable. Multiple logistic regression was used to model the relationship of being bullied (physical/nonphysical) on the linear combination of demographic variables. RESULTS: A total of 7137 students participated in the 2008 GSHS with 40.1% reporting being bullied. Senior high school-level 1 (lowest grade) students were 3 (95% CI: 2.45-3.68) times more likely to be bullied compared with SHS level 3 (highest grade) students. Victims of bullying were significantly more likely to report negative psychological health compared with those who reported not being bullied. Odds ratios were as follows: signs of depression, 1.97 (95% CI: 1.75-2.21); suicide ideation, 1.72 (95% CI: 1.45-2.05); being so worried that it affects sleep, 2.10 (95% CI: 1.77-2.49); and loneliness, 1.82 (95% CI: 1.49-2.22). There was no significant difference in self-reports of negative psychological health when comparing students who experienced physical forms with those who were bullied in nonphysical ways. CONCLUSION: Bullying victimization is a major problem among SHS students. We recommend strengthening of existing proactive anti-bullying programs by taking into account the association between bullying and the psychological health of students.

Ozodiegwu, I. D., et al. (2019). "A qualitative research synthesis of contextual factors contributing to female overweight and obesity over the life course in sub-Saharan Africa." PLoS ONE 14(11): e0224612-e0224612.
	Objective: Adult women are disproportionately affected by overweight and obesity in Sub-Saharan African (SSA) countries. Existing evidence on the sociocultural context remains unconsolidated. In this qualitative research synthesis, we aggregate research literature on contextual factors that potentially predispose adult women and adolescent girls to overweight and obesity to inform research, policies and programs over the life course. Methods: PubMed, CINAHL, PsychInfo, ProQuest Central, EMBASE, and Web of Science were searched to locate qualitative research articles conducted in SSA countries beginning in the year 2000. After assessment for eligibility and critical appraisal, 17 studies were included in the synthesis. Textual data and quotes were synthesized using meta-aggregation methods proposed by the Joanna Briggs Institute. Results: The synthesized studies were conducted in South Africa, Ghana, Kenya and Botswana. The three overarching themes across these studies were body size and shape ideals, barriers to healthy eating, and barriers to physical activity, with cultural and social factors as cross-cutting influences within the major themes. Culturally, the supposedly ideal African woman was expected to be overweight or obese, and voluptuous, and this was associated with their identity. Although being overweight or obese was not acceptable to adolescent girls, they desired to be voluptuous. Healthy food choices among women and adolescent girls were hampered by several factors including affordability of nutritious foods and peer victimization. Both adult women and adolescent girls experienced ageism as a barrier to physical activity. Significance: This is the first qualitative research synthesis to amplify the voices of women and girls in SSA countries highlighting the challenges they face in maintaining a healthy body weight. Sociocultural, institutional and peer-related factors were powerful forces shaping body size preferences, food choices and participation in physical activity. Our study findings provide insights for the design of contextually appropriate obesity prevention interventions and lay the foundation for further research studies.

Paasma, R., et al. (2009). "Methanol poisoning and long term sequelae - a six years follow-up after a large methanol outbreak." BMC Clinical Pharmacology 9(5): (27 March 2009)-(2027 March 2009).
	Background: Mass poisonings with methanol are rare but occur regularly both in developed and in developing countries. Data from the poisoning episodes are often published, but follow-up-data is scarce. We therefore conducted a six year follow-up study after the large methanol outbreak in Estonia in September 2001. Methods: Surviving victims from the outbreak were contacted and invited to an interview and a clinical evaluation by an ophthalmologist and a physician. The patients that failed to respond were searched for in the Estonian Register of Population and through their General Practitioner. Results: During the outbreak in 2001, 86/111 hospitalized patients survived: 66 without sequelae (Group I) and 20 with sequelae (Group II). Six years later, 26/86 were dead, 33/86 could not be tracked down, and so only 27/86 of these were followed up and examined: 22/66 of the patients in Group I, and 5/20 in Group II were found and examined. From Group I, 8/22 were identified with new neurological impairment and 8/22 with new visual disturbances after discharge. From Group II, visual disturbances (n=4) and neurological impairment (n=3) were still present in all patients. Among the 26 dead, 19 were from Group I, and seven were from Group II. Alcohol intoxication was the most frequent cause of death (7/26). Conclusion: All sequelae were still present six years after the initial poisoning suggesting that these were irreversible damages. On follow-up, apparently new neurological and visual complications were identified in 36% and 36%, respectively. 35% of the patients initially discharged with sequelae and 29% discharged without were dead six years later; 27% of them from alcohol intoxication.

Padfield, N. and A. Ashworth (2015). "Five Years of the Sentencing Council." Criminal Law Review(9): 657-658.
	The authors reflect on the approach of the Sentencing Council for England and Wales to its tasks five years after it was introduced by the Coroners and Justice Act 2009. Topics include the definitive guidelines introduced by the Council such as those that tackle assault, fraud, bribery and money laundering, the release of an "Analysis and Research Bulletin" for each offence or set of offences, and the release of guidance on how basic statutory provisions on sentencing should be interpreted.

Paget, L. M., et al. (2016). "Factors associated with suicide attempts by sexual minorities: results from the 2011 gay and lesbian survey. / Facteurs associés aux tentatives de suicide chez les minorités sexuelles : résultats de l'enquête presse gays et lesbiennes 2011." Revue d'Épidémiologie et de Santé Publique 64(3): 153-163.
	Background Since the 1990s, several studies have found higher rates of suicide attempts in homosexuals and bisexuals than in heterosexuals. The current challenge is to identify risk factors for targeting prevention. The aim of this paper was to determine, for the first time in France, the prevalence of suicide attempts over a 12-month period and associated factors in a population of men and women who self-identified as homosexuals or bisexuals. Methods A convenience sample cross-sectional survey was conducted in 2011 using an anonymous self-administered questionnaire made available in the gay press, and Internet sites targeting the gay or lesbian community. Among the persons completing the questionnaire, 10,100 men and 2963 women residing in France answered the questions on suicide attempts. The factors associated with suicide attempts during the previous 12 months were identified by logistic regression. Results Lifetime prevalence for suicide attempts was 16% in men and 18% in women; 12-month prevalence was 1.6% in men and 1.9% in women. Factors independently associated with suicide attempts in the past 12 months in men and women were lack of occupational activity, victim of sexual abuse, termination of a long-term relationship, excessive alcohol consumption in the past 12 months, depression, and in addition, in men, living in a small locality, victim of verbal or physical aggression and use of anxiolytics. Conclusion According to our results, the fight against homophobia is an important element for the prevention of suicide attempts among homosexual and bisexual men. Indeed, in addition to traditional risk factors for suicide attempt, a significant association was also found with homophobic aggression in the past year.

Paget, L. M. and B. Thélot (2017). "Home and leisure injuries in mainland France based on the Health Care and Insurance Survey, 2012. / Les accidents de la vie courante en France métropolitaine selon l'Enquête Santé et Protection Sociale 2012." Bulletin Épidémiologique Hebdomadaire(32): 660-667.
	Introduction - Home and leisure injuries (HLI) are a major public health issue. Each year in France, they lead to more than 21,000 deaths and several hundred thousand hospitalizations. HLI's data from the Health, Health Care and Insurance Survey (ESPS) were analyzed in a dual objective: (i) Measure the incidence rates of injured persons in mainland France in 2012; (ii) Identify factors associated with HLI. Methods - Data concerning the ESPS Survey was collected in a randomized sample representative of the general population in mainland France in 2012. Data were first collected by face to face or phone interviews, and secondly by self-administered questionnaires among beneficiaries of the healthcare insurance system and members of their household. Statistical analyses were conducted on a sample of 16,410 respondents to the self-administered questionnaires, where a module on HLI was included. Results - Incidence rates of injured persons in mainland France in 2012 were estimated: 4.8% of the respondents were victims of HLI in the past three months whatever the age. Several factors were associated with HLI among people aged 15 and older: to enjoy taking risks, to be young, to have an upper than secondary education level, and to have a poor health. Discussion - According to our results, incidence of HLI remained stable between 2004 and 2012. The factors associated to the occurrence of HLIs are often similar to those established in the literature. Moreover, multivariate analyses also contributed to identify some associations seldom found in the literature on HLIs. Generally, risk-taking would increase the likelihood of having an HLI, particularly a sport or leisure accident; to practice sport on a regular basis would be associated with an increased risk of sport and leisure accident. These results have to be confirmed and detailed to improve primary prevention.

Paine, C. W. and J. N. Wood (2018). "Skeletal surveys in young, injured children: A systematic review." Child Abuse & Neglect 76: 237-249.
	Skeletal surveys (SSs) have been identified as a key component of the evaluation for suspected abuse in young children, but variability in SS utilization has been reported. Thus, we aimed to describe the utilization patterns, yield, and risks of obtaining SS in young children through a systematic literature review. We searched PubMed/MEDLINE and CINAHL databases for articles published between 1990 and 2016 on SS. We calculated study-specific percentages of SS utilization and detection of occult fractures and examined the likelihoods that patient characteristics predict SS utilization and detection of occult fractures. Data from 32 articles represents 64,983 children <60 months old. SS utilization was high (85%-100%) in studies of infants evaluated by a child protection team for suspected abuse and/or diagnosed with abuse except in one study of primarily non-pediatric hospitals. Greater variability in SS utilization was observed across studies that included all infants with specific injuries, such as femur fractures (0%–77%), significant head injury (51%–82%), and skull fractures (41%–86%). Minority children and children without private insurance were evaluated with SS more often than white children and children with private insurance despite lack of evidence to support this practice. Among children undergoing SS, occult fractures were frequently detected among infants with significant head injury (23%–34%) and long bone fractures (30%) but were less common in infants with skull fractures (1%–6%). These findings underscore the need for interventions to decrease disparities in SS utilization and standardize SS utilization in infants at high risk of having occult fractures. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Child Abuse & Neglect is the property of Pergamon Press - An Imprint of Elsevier Science and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Painter, J. E., et al. (2011). "Correlates of 2009 H1N1 influenza vaccine acceptability among parents and their adolescent children." Health Education Research 26(5): 751-760.
	School-aged children were a priority group for receipt of the pandemic (2009) H1N1 influenza vaccine. Both parental and adolescent attitudes likely influence vaccination behaviors. Data were collected from surveys distributed to middle- and high-school students and their parents in two counties in rural Georgia. Multivariable logistic regression analyses were conducted to assess correlates of parental acceptance of H1N1 influenza vaccination for their children and adolescents' acceptance of vaccination for themselves. Concordance analyses were conducted to assess agreement between parent-adolescent dyads regarding H1N1 influenza vaccine acceptance. Parental acceptance of H1N1 influenza vaccination for their children was associated with acceptance of the vaccine for themselves and feeling motivated by the H1N1 influenza pandemic to get a seasonal influenza vaccine for their child. Adolescents' acceptance was associated with receipt of a seasonal influenza vaccine in the past year, fear of getting H1N1 influenza, feeling comfortable getting the vaccine and parental acceptance of H1N1 influenza vaccine. Half (50%) of parent-adolescent pairs included both a parent and child who expressed H1N1 influenza vaccine acceptance, and 19% of pairs would not accept the vaccine. This research highlights the need for interventions that target factors associated with H1N1 influenza vaccine acceptance among both parents and adolescents.

Paknahad, A., et al. (2014). "A review of scorpion stings in Iran." Journal of Current Research in Science 2(6): 887-890.
	Scorpion sting is a primary public healthcare problem in developing countries. It is in fact the most important form of stings made by arachnids. The highest rate of mortality induced by poisonous creatures in the world belongs to scorpions. Its victims are 10 times as many as snake bites. Iran is among countries which are faced with different types of malignant scorpions. Mortality cases caused by scorpion sting are observed all throughout the country. A search was conducted in available scientific databases in Iran such as SID, IranMedex and Google Scholar. The following keywords were used in the searching process: Scorpion, Scorpion sting, Iran, healthcare, mortality, epidemiology, Clinical Markers, Children and Hemiscorpius Lepturus. Scorpion stings occur in all parts of the country and can even lead to death. Therefore, in order to reduce the frequency of scorpion sting and its consequences, both people's and the healthcare service providers' awareness of this problem should be raised. Anti-scorpion serum should be constantly availed for healthcare centers that are faced with high rates of scorpion stings due to their geographic location. This can help them cut down on mortality and other consequences of scorpion stings.

Palamuleni, M. E. and A. S. Adebowale (2014). "Patterns of premarital childbearing among unmarried female youths in sub-Saharan Africa: evidence from demographic health survey." Scientific Research and Essays 9(10): 421-430.
	Premarital childbearing (PC) among young women remains a problem in Africa. Victims are often stigmatized, neglected and their socio-economic advancement in life is compromised. There is dearth of information on patterns of PC among unmarried female youths (UFY) in sub-Saharan Africa. The objectives of the study are to explore the patterns and differentials in the levels of PC in sub-Saharan Africa. It also identifies the factors that might account for high cases of PC in the region. The study used DHS dataset for Nigeria, Senegal, Rwanda, Malawi, Congo DR and Namibia. Bivariate and multivariate analyses were used to examine association between the socioeconomic factors and PC among UFY (15 to 24 years). The prevalence of PC was found to be highest in Namibia (25.5%) and least in Nigeria (4.8%). PC was more prominent among women with no formal education in Namibia (54.4%), Rwanda (16.5%) and Congo DR (7.9%). In Malawi, 4.5 and 78.0% of UFY had their first birth at ages 10 to 14 and 15 to 19 years respectively. Residing in urban areas in Nigeria (OR=0.37; CI=0.28 to 0.50) and Congo DR (OR=0.66; CI=0.45 to 0.98) reduces the risk of PC. The odd of PC reduces as the level of wealth quintile increases in Nigeria, Rwanda and Namibia. The identified determinants of PC included never use of contraceptive, Christianity, Islam and early sexual initiation. The study thus revealed premarital childbearing is still a problem in sub-Saharan Africa and the hardest hit country is Namibia and women with no formal education. Strategies aimed at reducing PC among UFY in this region should include improvement in female education.

Palasinski, M. and N. Shortland (2016). "Individual determinants of punitive attitudes towards sexual and domestic abuse offenders." Safer Communities 15(3): 125-133.
	Purpose The purpose of this paper is to address individual factors predicting punitive attitudes towards sexual and domestic offences and offenders have received little attention.Design/methodology/approach In Study 1,137 participants completed a 25-item online questionnaire exploring individual factors hypothesised to predict punitive attitudes towards four sexual crimes: rape, paedophilia, incest and bestiality. In Study 2,100 participants completed a similar questionnaire exploring individual factors hypothesised to predict punitive attitudes towards male and female emotional, physical and sexual abusers.Findings The standard multiple regression models of Study 1 found that age (i.e. being older), belief in a just world and gender (i.e. being female) were predictors of harsher punitive attitudes. The models of Study 2 found that the low score on the social dominance scale was the most common predictor.Research limitations/implications This survey-based project presents a nuanced picture that could be complemented by the inclusion of a wider range of more complex factors and follow-on qualitative studies.Practical implications The key message from this study is to inform the public on the role of personality factors in developing punitive attitudes.Social implications It is vital to increase the legislators’ and the people’ awareness of the factors shaping the public impressions of criminal justice processes and evidence-based treatment effectiveness.Originality/value This relatively modest paper offers insight of personality factors into people’s punitive attitudes shaping actual legislation. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Safer Communities is the property of Emerald Publishing and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Pan, S. W. and P. M. Spittal (2013). "Health effects of perceived racial and religious bullying among urban adolescents in China: a cross-sectional national study." Global Public Health 8(6): 685-697.
	Research concerning ethnocultural bullying and adolescent health in China remains extremely limited. This study among Chinese urban adolescents examines associations between ethnocultural bullying and eight health-related outcomes: suicidal ideation, suicide planning, depressive symptomology, anxiety symptomatology, fighting, injury intentionally inflicted by another, smoking and moderate/heavy alcohol consumption. Data were obtained from the World Health Organisation's 2003 Chinese Global School-based Health Survey, a cross-sectional national survey of urban adolescents in four Chinese cities. The analytic sample size was n=8182, which represented a sampling frame of 769,835 adolescents. Statistical analysis was conducted using generalised linear mixed effects models and sampling weights. Prevalence of ethnocultural bullying was significantly higher in Urumqi, Xinjiang province (2.08%) compared with Beijing municipality (0.72%) or Wuhan, Hubei province (0.67%). Compared to participants who were not bullied, religious bullying victimisation was significantly associated with suicidal ideation, injury intentionally inflicted by another and depressive symptomology. Racial bullying victimisation was significantly associated with suicidal ideation, injury intentionally inflicted by another and among females but not males, depressive symptomology. Health effects of ethnocultural bullying appear to be distinct from that of bullying in general. Additional research on ethnocultural adolescent health issues in China is warranted.

Pan, W., et al. (2011). "Analysis of surveillance results on human brucellosis in 2009 and 2010 in Gansu province." Chinese Journal of Endemiology 30(5): 549-551.
	Objective: Through analyzing the epidemic characteristics and laws of human brucellosis in Gansu province during the past two years, to provide the basis for control of the disease. Methods: Using "China Information System for Diseases Control and Prevention V2.0" and survey data of human brucellosis outbreak, we calculated the incidence of brucellosis and the composition of new cases and chronic cases in 2009 and 2010, respectively, and analyzed the three distributions of the disease. Results: Brucellosis incidence was 0.37 per million in 2009, and 1.7 per million in 2010. The new cases accounted for 54.6% (83/152) and 51.8% (43/83), and chronic cases were 53.3% (81/152) and 56.6% (47/83), respectively. About 1/3 of the counties (cities, districts) was found to be with the disease, and most cases were clustered in Hexi Corridor and Longdong area of Gansu province. There were three counties with outbreak. Time distribution of the disease was jagged. May, July, September and December were high, with September the highest. Sex ratio was 3:1, and mean age was 46 years old. 67.7% (159/235) of cases were farmers, followed by retired officers and herders, with a percentage of about 7%, respectively. Conclusions: Epidemic of human brucellosis shows a rapidly rising trend in Gansu province. There are new patients throughout the year, and young farmers are the main victims. A high proportion of chronic brucellosis is more harmful. Strengthen the prevention and control of the disease to increase their brucellosis protective awareness.

Pang, Z. and Z. Jin (2010). "Surveillance of people exposed to rabies in Jinhua, 2009." Disease Surveillance 25(5): 365-367.
	Objective: To analyze the results of the surveillance of people exposed to rabies in Jinhua, 2009, providing the basis for appropriate treatment of post-exposure patients and control of rabies epidemic. Methods: Surveillance systems for people exposed to rabies were set up at all out-patient clinics in the city to collect the information on exposure and treatment of first visitors. Descriptive epidemiological analysis of the data was conducted. Results: A total of 54 942 cases exposed to rabies were reported in Jinhua, 2009, with an exposure rate of 1080.37/lakh. The incidence increased in late spring, peaked in summer and dropped in autumn. The victims were mostly youngsters and adults; 59.57% were at the age from 20 to 59. Most cases were farmers, accounting for 57.56%. The predominant attacking animal was dogs, accounting for 91.17%, followed by cats that accounted for 4.87%. Grade I exposure accounted for 17.96%, grade II exposure 71.24%, and grade III exposure 10.81%. The most frequently injured site was the calf, accounting for 40.89%. The whole-course inoculation rate among the clinic patients was 99.85%, and 26.56% of those with grade III exposure received passive immunization. Conclusion: In view of the increasing prevalence of rabies in Jinhua, it is essential to strengthen administrative measures and standardize canine management to effectively manage and immunize healthy dogs and eliminate affected dogs. Moreover, the future work should be focused on the enhancement of public education and inclusion of vaccines and passive immunization agents to rural health insurance to reduce patients' economic burden.

Panzino, F., et al. (2009). "Multicentre study on risk factors of injuries in car crashes. / Estudio multicéntrico sobre factores de riesgo de lesiones en accidentes de automóvil." Anales de Pediatría 71(1): 25-30.
	Introduction: Traffic accidents are the main cause of death in children between 2 and 14 years in developed countries. We analysed their clinical repercussions, epidemiological characteristics, use and suitability of Child Restraint Systems (CRS) and its correlation with the type of injuries in children less than 12 years old. Material and methods: Multicentre descriptive prospective study. The following data was collected: personal details of the victims and the type of accident, use and suitability of the CRS, classification of injuries according to location and severity, need for hospitalisation, medical treatment received, use of Emergency Services and final destination of the injured. Results: A total of 366 patients were studied, with a sex ratio of 1:1 and a mean age of 6 years. Of these, 69.7% had some injury (slight 92.3%). A total of 81.1% affected the head and neck, and 77.9% used some type of CRS (suitable only in 55.7%). CRS were used more in &gt;6 year olds (27.1%-P&lt;0.001). Driving long distances (odds ratio 6.7) and not using a suitable CRS (odds ratio 3.7) were associated with the severity of the injuries. The age of the patients and the position within the automobile were not related. All the patients with a Glasgow less than 8 and all the deceased were using an unsuitable CRS. The hospitalization rate was 8.7% and the mortality rate at 24 h was 0.8%. Conclusions: An important percentage of the injured children do not use suitable child restraint systems. Non-use of a CRS or its inadequate use is a risk factor of morbidity in the traffic accidents in childhood.

Papagiannis, D., et al. (2016). "Hepatitis B virus vaccination coverage in medical, nursing, and paramedical students: a cross-sectional, multi-centered study in Greece." International journal of environmental research and public health 13(3): 323-323.
	Students of health professions are at high risk of hepatitis B Virus (HBV) infection during their clinical training. The aim of this cross-sectional, multi-centered study was to investigate the HBV vaccination coverage in Greek medical, nursing, and paramedical students, to look into their attitudes towards the importance of vaccines and to reveal reasons associated with not being vaccinated. A self-completed, anonymous questionnaire was distributed to 2119 students of health professions in Greece, during the academic year 2013-2014. The HBV vaccination coverage of students was high (83%), being higher among medical students (88.1%, vs. 81.4% among nursing and 80.1% among paramedical students; p&lt;0.001). The vast majority of them (95%) have been vaccinated during childhood. In addition, 30% of the unvaccinated students declared fear over HBV safety. Our results indicate that the healthcare students achieved higher reported immunization rates compared to the currently serving healthcare workers, but also to the students of the last decade. The fact that nursing and paramedical students have lower coverage figures underlines the importance of targeted interventions for the different subgroups of healthcare students in terms of educational programs and screening for HBV markers in order to increase HBV vaccination uptake.

Pardal, M. and T. Decorte (2018). "Cannabis Use and Supply Patterns Among Belgian Cannabis Social Club Members." Journal of Drug Issues 48(4): 689-709.
	Cannabis Social Clubs (CSCs) constitute a noncommercial model for the supply of cannabis among registered, adults users, which is present in several countries—including in Belgium. This analysis provides a first descriptive examination of a sample of Belgian CSC members’ patterns of use and supply, as well as their sociodemographic features. According to a new voluntary survey of 190 Belgian CSC members, more than three quarters are male, Belgian, and more than half work full- or part-time. About 44% of respondents have completed university studies. Securing cannabis was the primary reason to adhere to a CSC, and most are (near-)daily users. Our results revealed that the CSC was the sole supplier for most respondents of cannabis-producing CSCs, who obtained almost exclusively (dried) herbal cannabis. The presence of (self-declared) medical users in our sample is noteworthy. This analysis advances our knowledge of the segment of the market served by this noncommercial model.

Parmentier, S. and G. Vervaeke (2011). "In criminal justice we trust? A decade of public opinion research in Belgium." European Journal of Criminology 8(4): 286-302.
	Like other modern-day democracies, Belgium has in the last quarter century introduced many changes in its system for justice administration, by undertaking judicial reforms and commissioning empirical research on public confidence. Following long years of fierce criticism of the police and the criminal justice system since the late 1980s, the turn of the century witnessed three quantitative surveys (the Justice Barometers) in 2002, 2007 and 2010. These were complemented by several qualitative studies in specific districts or with specific groups. Although many variables appear to exert some influence on public confidence, the one that emerges time and again is the degree of contact with the justice system and the ensuing negative perceptions that result from it. This contribution describes the most salient findings of this decade of public opinion research on the criminal justice system in Belgium and reflects on the implications for judicial policy-making. [Reprinted by permission of Sage Publications, Ltd., copyright holder.]

Patel, E. U., et al. (2018). "Hepatitis C care continuum and associated barriers among people who inject drugs in Chennai, India." International Journal of Drug Policy 57: 51-60.
	Background: Little is known regarding barriers to hepatitis C virus (HCV) treatment among people who inject drugs (PWID) in low-resource settings, particularly in the era of direct-acting antiviral therapies. Methods: Between March, 2015-August, 2016, a cross-sectional survey was administered to community-based PWID in Chennai, India to examine the HCV care continuum and associated barriers. Adjusted prevalence ratios (APR) were estimated by multivariable Poisson regression with robust variance. Results: All participants were male (n=541); 152 participants had HCV mono-infection and 61 participants had HIV/HCV co-infection. Only one HCV mono-infected and one HIV/HCV co-infected participant was linked to HCV care. Overall, there was moderate knowledge of HCV disease but poor knowledge of HCV treatment. Higher total knowledge scores were negatively associated with HIV/HCV co-infection (vs. HCV mono-infection), though this was not statistically significant in adjusted analysis (APR=0.71 [95%CI=0.47-1.06]). Participants ≥45 years (APR=0.73 [95%CI=0.58-0.92]) and participants with HIV/HCV co-infection (APR=0.64 [95%CI=0.47-0.87]) were less willing to take weekly interferon injections for 12 weeks. Willingness to undergo HCV treatment improved with decreasing duration of therapy, higher perceived efficacy, and use of pills vs. interferon, though willingness to use interferon improved with decreasing duration of therapy. Most participants preferred daily visits to a clinic for HCV treatment versus receiving a month's supply. Participants ≥45 years (vs. &lt;45 years; APR=0.70 [95%CI=0.56-0.88]) and participants with HIV/HCV co-infection (APR=0.75 [95%CI=0.57-0.98]) were less likely to intend on seeking HCV care. Common reasons for not having already seen a provider for HCV treatment differed by HIV status, and included low perceived need for treatment (HCV-mono-infected), competing money/health priorities and costs/fears about treatment (HIV/HCV-co-infected). Conclusion: Residual gaps in HCV knowledge and continuing negative perceptions related to interferon-based therapy highlight the need to scale-up educational initiatives. Readiness for HCV treatment was particularly low among HIV/HCV co-infected and older PWID, emphasizing the importance of tailored treatment strategies.

Patel, H., et al. (2017). "Knowledge, attitudes and awareness of the human papillomavirus amongst primary care practice nurses: an evaluation of current training in England." Journal of Public Health 39(3): 601-608.
	Background: The incorporation of Human papillomavirus (HPV) testing into the English cervical screening programme has been met with fear and anxiety. Healthcare professionals need to be adequately informed about HPV to help alleviate patient concerns. The aim of this study was to evaluate the HPV training provided to practice nurses (PNs) and determine their level of HPV knowledge. Method: A web-based survey was distributed to 147 General Practice surgeries in the Leicester, Leicestershire and Rutland regions, between May and July 2015. The survey explored four broad areas; demographics/level of experience, HPV knowledge, attitudes towards the HPV vaccine and self-perceived adequacy of HPV knowledge. Results: A total of 128 surveys were completed, with 94 complete responses. Overall awareness of basic HPV facts was adequate; however, detailed, and in some cases basic, knowledge was lacking. 9.6% failed to identify that HPV can cause cervical cancer and 62.8% believed that HPV requires treatment. Not all PNs felt adequately informed about HPV and a need to improve the provision of training was identified. Conclusion: PNs play a key role in increasing public awareness of HPV and implementing cervical cancer screening. The provision of education to PNs needs to be a priority and current methods of training need to be re-evaluated.

Patil, K. R., et al. (2014). "Health status appraisal of women students and correlation with socio-academic outcomes." Indian Journal of Community Health 26(1): 61-67.
	Background: Mental health is important factor for the maintenance of general health. According to experts of World Health Organization, health is a status of well-being of body, mind, society and not only the lack of disease. The purpose of study was to examine effects of associated factors on health status and academic performance of female students staying at hostel. The study aimed to establish correlations between various factors pertaining to health and academic performance of the students. Aim: To find out important predictors of academic performance & mental health of women students. Methods: The current study was an observational cross sectional study. The 373 female students taking pharmaceutical education were selected using systematic random sampling. The survey involved meetings of investigators with participants, explanation of study objectives to participants, filling of designed proforma and analysis of collected data. Results: Among 373 students; 247 (66.21%) were experienced homesickness initially, 56 (15.01%) students were homesick at the time of survey, while 70 (18.76%) students never experienced homesickness. The 85 (22.78%) students had poor, 212 (56.83%) students had average & 76 (20.37%) students had good academic performance. Majority of students (60.58%) were found to take measures for relieving stress. Out of 85 students having poor academic performance, 47 (55.29%) students were found to be mentally poor. Alternatively, among 152 students with poor mental health, 69 (45.39%) students had poor academic performance. Conclusion: Academic related stressors, victimization by tutors, relationship problems with parents and colleagues, homesickness due to staying away from families, conflicts between parents and hesitation to share personal problems with others were found to be important predictors of mental health problems & academic performance of women students.

Pauwels, L. J. R. (2018). "Analysing the perception-choice process in Situational Action Theory. A randomized scenario study." European Journal of Criminology 15(1): 130-147.
	In Situational Action Theory (SAT), crime is seen as the result of the interplay between individual and setting characteristics. This replication study focuses on the perception-choice process. The perception-choice process refers to the process whereby one sees the breaking of rules (stated in laws) as an action alternative and deliberately (or habitually) carries out an act of rule-breaking, given that one sees the breaking of a specific rule as an action alternative. The unique contribution of this study to the empirical literature is that it tests the interaction between choosing a violent response, propensity, and exposure to scenario criminogeneity using a web-based randomized scenario study. The results indicate that individuals who have low levels of crime propensity rarely choose a violent response, independent of scenario criminogeneity (as measured by provocation and the absence of monitoring agents). The likelihood of choosing a violent response increases as a result of the interplay between scenario criminogeneity and crime propensity. The implications for future tests of SAT are discussed.

Pauwels, L. J. R. (2018). "Analysing the perception–choice process in Situational Action Theory. A randomized scenario study." European Journal of Criminology 15(1): 130-147.
	In Situational Action Theory (SAT), crime is seen as the result of the interplay between individual and setting characteristics. This replication study focuses on the perception–choice process. The perception–choice process refers to the process whereby one sees the breaking of rules (stated in laws) as an action alternative and deliberately (or habitually) carries out an act of rule-breaking, given that one sees the breaking of a specific rule as an action alternative. The unique contribution of this study to the empirical literature is that it tests the interaction between choosing a violent response, propensity, and exposure to scenario criminogeneity using a web-based randomized scenario study. The results indicate that individuals who have low levels of crime propensity rarely choose a violent response, independent of scenario criminogeneity (as measured by provocation and the absence of monitoring agents). The likelihood of choosing a violent response increases as a result of the interplay between scenario criminogeneity and crime propensity. The implications for future tests of SAT are discussed. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of European Journal of Criminology is the property of Sage Publications, Ltd. and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Pavkov, T. W., et al. (2012). "Use of cognitive question testing methodologies in participant action research: Implementing the three-step test-interview method in Indian county." Cultural Diversity and Ethnic Minority Psychology 18(1): 82-90.
	This study describes the use of cognitive question testing methods to pretest a Web-based questionnaire designed to gather information from American Indian and Alaska Native (AI/AN) youth between the ages of 18 and 25. The questionnaire included items related to risk and resiliency factors as well as potentially sensitive topics of victimization and delinquency. Question testing was completed with a sample of 15 youth living in three different regions of the United States. The Three Step Test Interview Method was modified to collect information related to interface usability, cognitive response, and cultural interpretation of survey items. Data collected from the question testing process resulted in questionnaire changes that included query wording, the inclusion and exclusion of survey items based on cultural input, the reordering and rendering of survey items, and improvements in interface usability. Implications for survey research with the AI/AN youth population are discussed. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)

Pavkov, T. W., et al. (2010). "Tribal youth victimization and delinquency: Analysis of Youth Risk Behavior Surveillance Survey data." Cultural Diversity and Ethnic Minority Psychology 16(2): 123-134.
	This study details ethnic disparities that exist between American Indian/Alaska Native (AI/AN) youth and White, African American, and Hispanic/Latino youth based on secondary data analysis of Youth Risk Behavior Surveillance Survey from surveys conducted in 2003, 2005, and 2007. Items were selected for secondary analysis based on their relevance to one of five categories including (a) Violence or delinquent behaviors, (b) substance use, (c) sexual behaviors, (d) experience of victimization, and (f) suicide-related behaviors. The analyses suggest that pervasive levels of disproportionality exist between AI/AN youth and youth of other race/ethnicities on an array of risk items. These differences are most profound between the AI/AN and White youth populations, but also exist in numerous areas between the AI/AN and both African American and Hispanic/Latino youth. The findings highlight elevated levels of victimization, drug use, and suicidal behaviors among AI/AN youth. These data must be filtered through the realities of growing up in Indian Country, and must include positive factors not identified in the Youth Risk Behavior Surveillance Survey. Future research should focus not only on disparities, but on culturally appropriate interventions that have been successfully used to address the unique trauma experienced by youth living in AI/AN communities. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)

Pearce, J. M., et al. (2013). "Communicating with the public following radiological terrorism: results from a series of focus groups and national surveys in Britain and Germany." Prehospital and Disaster Medicine 28(2): 110-119.
	Introduction: Incidents involving the exposure of large numbers of people to radiological material can have serious consequences for those affected, their community and wider society. In many instances, the psychological effects of these incidents have the greatest impact. People fear radiation and even incidents which result in little or no actual exposure have the potential to cause widespread anxiety and behavior change. The aim of this study was to assess public intentions, beliefs and information needs in the UK and Germany in response to a hidden radiological exposure device. By assessing how the public is likely to react to such events, strategies for more effective crisis and risk communication can be developed and designed to address any knowledge gaps, misperceptions and behavioral responses that are contrary to public health advice. Methods: This study had three stages. The first stage consisted of focus groups which identified perceptions of and reactions to a covert radiological device. The incident was introduced to participants using a series of mock newspaper and broadcast injects to convey the evolving scenario. The outcomes of these focus groups were used to inform national telephone surveys, which quantified intended behaviors and assessed what perceptions were correlated with these behaviors. Focus group and survey results were used to develop video and leaflet communication interventions, which were then evaluated in a second round of focus groups. Results: In the first two stages, misperceptions about the likelihood and routes of exposure were associated with higher levels of worry and greater likelihood of engaging in behaviors that might be detrimental to ongoing public health efforts. The final focus groups demonstrated that both types of misunderstanding are amenable to change following targeted communication. Conclusion: Should terrorists succeed in placing a hidden radiological device in a public location, then health agencies may find that it is easier to communicate effectively with the public if they explicitly and clearly discuss the mechanisms through which someone could be affected by the radiation and the known geographical spread of any risk. Messages which explain how the risk from a hidden radiological device "works" should be prepared and tested in advance so that they can be rapidly deployed if the need arises.

Pedraza, L. K., et al. (2018). "Periodical reactivation under the effect of caffeine attenuates fear memory expression in rats." Scientific Reports 8(1): 7260-7260.
	In the last decade, several studies have shown that fear memories can be attenuated by interfering with reconsolidation. However, most of the pharmacological agents used in preclinical studies cannot be administered to humans. Caffeine is one of the world's most popular psychoactive drugs and its effects on cognitive and mood states are well documented. Nevertheless, the influence of caffeine administration on fear memory processing is not as clear. We employed contextual fear conditioning in rats and acute caffeine administration under a standard memory reconsolidation protocol or periodical memory reactivation. Additionally, potential rewarding/aversion and anxiety effects induced by caffeine were evaluated by conditioning place preference or open field, respectively. Caffeine administration was able to attenuate weak fear memories in a standard memory reconsolidation protocol; however, periodical memory reactivation under caffeine effect was necessary to attenuate strong and remote memories. Moreover, caffeine promoted conditioned place preference and anxiolytic-like behavior, suggesting that caffeine weakens the initial learning during reactivation through counterconditioning mechanisms. Thus, our study shows that rewarding and anxiolytic effects of caffeine during fear reactivation can change the emotional valence of fear memory. It brings a new promising pharmacological approach based on drugs widely used such as caffeine to treat fear-related disorders.

Pedrosa, A. A. G., et al. (2012). "Medical care due to accidental causes in emergency public services - Teresina, Piauí - 2009. / Atendimentos por causas acidentais em serviços públicos de emergência - Teresina, Piauí - 2009." Ciência & Saúde Coletiva 17(9): 2269-2278.
	Accidents are a major issue in the public health agenda and accidents from external causes represent a current challenge for public policies. The scope of this article is to describe the characteristics of emergency care grouped in the "other accidents" category of the "VIVA" 2009 survey, in the public services of Teresina-Piauí. Data was collected from standard forms entered into Epi Info 3.5.1 and analyzed in Stata 11 (module svy). Characteristics relating to the victims, the occurrence and care were compared according to age group and the type of accident using the Pearson chi-square test. Of the total of 2,061 external cause accidents, 677 (32.9%) were due to "other accidents," of which 202 (29.8%) involved wounds from sharp cutting objects, 172 (25.4%) with objects falling on the person or the person hitting an object, 111 (16.4%) with unknown objects and 70 (10.3%) with accidents involving animals. Accidents in the household with injuries located on the torso leading to hospitalization were greater in patients &lt;20 years (p&lt;0,005). Important differences were identified in the pattern of the occurrence among the types of accidents. The magnitude of these events suggests the need for programs that reduce vulnerability to accidents, linking health promotion and prevention actions.

Peitzmeier, S. M., et al. (2016). "Intimate partner violence perpetration among adolescent males in disadvantaged neighborhoods globally." Journal of Adolescent Health 59(6): 696-702.
	Purpose: Intimate partner violence (IPV) affects one in three women globally, with adolescent and young adult women at highest risk. Less is known about IPV perpetration. We compare the prevalence and correlates of IPV perpetration among 15- to 19-year-old adolescent males in Baltimore (United States), Johannesburg (South Africa), Delhi (India), and Shanghai (China). Methods: A cross-sectional survey was conducted in 2013 with males aged 15-19 recruited via respondent-driven sampling from disadvantaged neighborhoods in four cities: Baltimore (United States), New Delhi (India), Johannesburg (South Africa), and Shanghai (China); total n=751 ever-partnered men. We describe the prevalence of past-year physical and sexual IPV perpetration and evaluate associations with gender norm attitudes, mental health, substance use, victimization experiences, and demographic factors. Results: Past-year physical or sexual IPV perpetration ranged from 9% in Shanghai to 40% in Johannesburg. Factors associated with past-year perpetration across multiple sites included: binge drinking (Johannesburg adjusted odds ratio [AOR]=2.8, Baltimore AOR=6.7, and Shanghai AOR=3.2), depressive symptoms (Johannesburg AOR=2.4 and Shanghai AOR=2.2), victimization in the home (Baltimore AOR=2.5, Shanghai AOR=2.7, and Johannesburg AOR=1.7), and community violence victimization (Baltimore AOR=7.0, Delhi AOR=4.1, and Johannesburg AOR=2.8). Equitable gender norm attitudes were protective against IPV perpetration in Johannesburg and Shanghai. Demographic factors (e.g., age, employment, and education) were inconsistently associated with IPV perpetration across sites. Conclusions: Past-year IPV perpetration was prevalent with differences identified across settings. Findings suggest the need to scale up evidence-based interventions targeting adolescents in disadvantaged urban communities in order to address many modifiable factors associated with IPV perpetration in this study.

Pell, C. L., et al. (2019). "Community engagement, social context and coverage of mass anti-malarial administration: comparative findings from multi-site research in the Greater Mekong sub-Region." PLoS ONE 14(3): e0214280-e0214280.
	Background: Between 2013 and 2017, targeted malaria elimination (TME), a package of interventions that includes mass drug administration (MDA)-was piloted in communities with reservoirs of asymptomatic P. falciparum across the Greater Mekong sub-Region (GMS). Coverage in target communities is a key determinant of the effectiveness of MDA. Drawing on mixed methods research conducted alongside TME pilot studies, this article examines the impact of the community engagement, local social context and study design on MDA coverage. Methods and findings: Qualitative and quantitative data were collected using questionnaire-based surveys, semi-structured and in-depth interviews, focus group discussions, informal conversations, and observations of study activities. Over 1500 respondents were interviewed in Myanmar, Vietnam, Cambodia and Laos. Interview topics included attitudes to malaria and experiences of MDA. Overall coverage of mass anti-malarial administration was high, particularly participation in at least a single round (85%). Familiarity with and concern about malaria prompted participation in MDA; as did awareness of MDA and familiarity with the aim of eliminating malaria. Fear of adverse events and blood draws discouraged people. Hence, community engagement activities sought to address these concerns but their impact was mediated by the trust relationships that study staff could engender in communities. In contexts of weak healthcare infrastructure and (cash) poverty, communities valued the study's ancillary care and the financial compensation. However, coverage did not necessarily decrease in the absence of cash compensation. Community dynamics, affected by politics, village conformity, and household decision-making also affected coverage. Conclusions: The experimental nature of TME presented particular challenges to achieving high coverage. Nonetheless, the findings reflect those from studies of MDA under implementation conditions and offer useful guidance for potential regional roll-out of MDA: it is key to understand target communities and provide appropriate information in tailored ways, using community engagement that engenders trust.

Pelowski, M., et al. (2019). "Quantifying the if, the when, and the what of the sublime: A survey and latent class analysis of incidence, emotions, and distinct varieties of personal sublime experiences." Psychology of Aesthetics, Creativity, and the Arts: No Pagination Specified-No Pagination Specified.
	Sublime encounters provide a compelling example of the peaks of our shared emotional and cognitive experiences. For centuries, these have been a target for philosophy and, more recently, for psychology, with its renewed focus on profound or aesthetic events. The sublime has been theoretically connected to multiple contexts, from interactions with overpowering nature, to beauty, music, even interpersonal engagements, and to multiple emotions—danger, awe, pleasure, fear—often with diametrically opposing arguments for what constitutes these events. However, despite this prolonged discussion, there is still a scarcity of actual systematic research. It is not known whether sublime encounters are common, nor how they are described by individuals, or if reports match theoretical arguments: Are there one or more, or no, distinct sublime types? We address these questions by matching historical discussions to 402 participants’ (Western adults) reports of whether they have ever experienced the sublime and, if so, how these are described in terms of cognitive/emotional and contextual factors. Roughly half reported having had at least one sublime experience, with accounts involving a range of contexts that essentially cover the full spectrum of past theoretical arguments. At the same time, when we considered the cognitive/affective descriptions using network science and latent class analysis of reported feelings, 90.8% fit one model, with involved communities (or interrelated clusters) of positive emotions, discrepancy, self-awareness, transformation/insight, and, notably, not including negative emotions/fear. We conclude with a discussion of how this approach and findings might be used as a basis for considering sublime theory and shaping future research. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2019 APA, all rights reserved)

Pengpid, S. and K. Peltzer (2016). "Intimate partner violence victimization and associated factors among male and female university students in 22 countries in Africa, Asia and the Americas." African Journal of Reproductive Health 20(1): 29-39.
	The study aimed at investigating the prevalence of intimate partner violence (IPV) and its associated factors among male and female university students in 22 countries in Africa, the Americas and Asia. In a cross-sectional questionnaire survey, data were collected from 16979 undergraduate university students, 49.3% male and 50.7% female, with an overall mean age of 21.8 years (SD=3.4). Of 7032 (41.9%) students who had been sexually active in the past 12 months, 16.3% reported ever having experienced physical or sexual IPV, 15.4% among men and 17.2% among women, physical IPV was 11.3% among men and 10.4% among women, and the proportion of ever having experienced sexual IPV was 9.3% among men and 11.3% among women. In multivariate logistic regression analyses, among both men and women, sociodemographic factors (senior study year, living in a low or lower middle income country) and risk factors (history of childhood physical and sexual abuse, made someone pregnant or had been pregnant, having had two or more sexual partners in the past 12 months, current tobacco use and having PTSD symptoms) were associated with physical and/or sexual violence victimization. High burden of IPV was found and several factors identified that may help guide intervention efforts.

Pepping, C. A., et al. (2017). "Couple interventions for same-sex couples: A consumer survey." Couple and Family Psychology: Research and Practice 6(4): 258-273.
	The present article examined couple service utilization in adults in same-sex relationships, as well as satisfaction with couple services, and preferences regarding content, delivery, and tailoring of services. Couples accessed services relatively infrequently and were generally dissatisfied with the usefulness of such services. Most participants (87%) endorsed the importance of couple interventions being tailored specifically for same-sex couples. Concerns such as financial constraints and time limitations were identified as barriers to accessing services, in addition to stigma-related barriers such as fear of discrimination and a lack of appropriately trained practitioners to work with same-sex couples. It is expected that the findings of the present article can inform future research and practice and help to improve the relationships of same-sex couples. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2018 APA, all rights reserved)

Peres, M. F. T., et al. (2018). "Personal, relational and school factors associated with involvement in fights with weapons among school-age youth in Brazil: a multilevel ecological approach." International Journal of Public Health 63(8): 957-965.
	Objectives: To investigate the association between personal, relational and school factors with involvement in fights with weapon among Brazilian school-age youth. Methods: Using data from the Adolescent School-Based Health Survey 2015 (n=102.072), we conducted multilevel logistic regression models. Results: IFW was associated with female sex (OR=0.45), and with older age (OR=1.15), previous involvement in physical violence (OR=2.05), history of peer verbal (OR=1.14) and domestic victimization (OR=2.11), alcohol use (OR=2.42) and drug use (OR=3.23). The relational variables (e.g., parent's supervision) were mostly negatively associated with IFW. At the school level, attending public school and attending schools in violent surroundings were both positively associated with IFW. The intraclass correlation coefficient estimated in the empty model showed that 5.77% of the variance of IFW was at school level. When all individual- and school-level variables were included in the model, the proportional changes in variance were 61.7 and 71.55%, respectively. Conclusions: IFW is associated with personal, relational and school factors. Part of the variance in IFW by school is explained by characteristics of the school context.

Peretti-Watel, P., et al. (2013). "Time preferences, socioeconomic status and smokers' behaviour, attitudes and risk awareness." European Journal of Public Health 23(5): 783-788.
	Background: Tobacco control policies have succeeded in reducing tobacco use, but the negative correlation between smoking prevalence and socioeconomic status (SES) has increased. This study focused on the relationships between time preferences, SES, and smoking behaviour, attitudes and risk awareness. Methods: A cross-sectional telephone survey was conducted in France in 2008 on a representative national sample of people aged 18-75 (N=2000, including 621 smokers) years. Two scales measuring planning horizon and impulsivity and various indicators of SES were introduced into the logistic regressions performed on smoking status and smokers' attitudes to anti-smoking campaigns, quitting attempts, attempts to quit or smoke less, fear of smoking-related cancer and risk perception. Results: Indicators of lower SES and smoking status were correlated with present time orientation and impulsivity. On modelling smoking status, time orientation and lower SES were found to be significant predictors. Among smokers, lower SES and present time orientation were predictive of smoking-related outcomes: little personal concern with anti-tobacco campaigns, not reporting recent behavioural changes, not expressing personal fear of smoking-related cancer and low risk awareness. When time-related preferences were introduced into the analysis, the effects of several lower SES indicators (especially a low educational level) became non-significant. Conclusion: The relationship between SES and smoking behaviour, attitudes and beliefs may be partly mediated by time preferences. Time preference is strongly correlated with smoking status, risk perceptions and attitudes towards anti-smoking campaigns. Tobacco control policies should include messages targeting present time-oriented smokers and/or interventions designed to enhance more future-oriented attitudes among smokers.

Pergolizzi, F., et al. (2011). "Bullying in middle school: results from a 2008 survey." International Journal of Adolescent Medicine and Health 23(1): un-un.
	A survey conducted in 2008 among 346 American middle school students in several cities determined that 82.7% of respondents found bullying to be a problem of some degree, with 46.0% rating it a "medium", "bad", or "very bad" problem. It was found that 89% had witnessed an act of bullying and 49.1% said they had been the victim of a bully. Boys were significantly more likely than girls to say that a victim deserved to be bullied (11.1% vs. 1.3%, p=0.01), whereas girls were significantly more likely than boys to fail to intervene because they did not know what to do (30.3% for girls vs. 11.1%, p&lt;0.01). There was no significant difference in this study between boys and girls in terms of being a bully: 43.6% admitted they had bullied another (46.2% boys, 41.1% girls, p=0.34); however, girls were significantly more likely than boys to bully by excluding others and gossiping about them than by hitting, teasing, or threatening. Cyberbullying, surveyed as a distinct entity, had affected 31.1% of respondents directly, with similar results from 2006 to 2007 surveys. Of those who found conventional bullying a "bad" or "very bad" problem at their schools, numbers fell from 17.3% in 2006-2007 vs. 11.3% in 2008.

Perri, P. F., et al. (2018). "A mixed-mode sensitive research on cannabis use and sexual addiction: improving self-reporting by means of indirect questioning techniques." Quality and Quantity 52(4): 1593-1611.
	In this article, we describe the methods employed and the results obtained from a mixed-mode “sensitive research” conducted in Spain to estimate certain aspects concerning patterns of cannabis consumption and sexual addiction among university students. Three different data-collection methods are considered and compared: direct questioning, randomized response technique and item sum technique. It is shown that posing direct questions to obtain sensitive data produces significantly lower estimates of the surveyed characteristics than do indirect questioning methods. From the analysis, it emerges that male students seem to be more affected by sex addiction than female students while for cannabis consumption there is no evidence of a predominant gender effect.

Pervin, A., et al. (2009). "Viet Nam's mandatory motorcycle helmet law and its impact on children." Bulletin of the World Health Organization 87(5): 369-373.
	Objective: To measure the use of motorcycle helmets in children and to determine the reasons why children wear helmets less often than adults. Methods: The frequency of helmet wearing among adults and children was ascertained by trained roadside observers, and randomized road user surveys were completed in four major centres in Viet Nam: Hanoi, Ho Chi Minh City, Can Tho and Da Nang. Survey data on key questions were cross tabulated, and χ2 was calculated for significant differences between parents and non-parents (0.05). Findings: The frequency of helmet use in the four study locations ranged from 90-99% among adults, from 15-53% among children ≤7 years of age, and from 38-53% among children &gt;7 but ≤14. Of the parents surveyed, 67% said the fear of neck injury was the most important reason their children did not wear a helmet. Conclusion: Children wear motorcycle helmets much less often than adults. Legislation to penalize adults whose children do not wear motorcycle helmets has been proposed in Viet Nam. Furthermore, ongoing advocacy and social marketing efforts are being made to disseminate information about the safety benefits of helmets to combat erroneous public perceptions.

Peterman, A., et al. (2015). "Age and intimate partner violence: an analysis of global trends among women experiencing victimization in 30 developing countries." Journal of Adolescent Health 57(6): 624-630.
	Purpose: Young women are at elevated risk of violence victimization, yet generalizable evidence on age at which abuse first occurs is lacking. This analysis provides new descriptive evidence on age and duration into partnership of women's first intimate partner violence (IPV) victimization. Methods: Data come from ever married women ages of 15-49 years in nationally representative Demographic and Health Surveys in 30 countries collected from 2005 to 2014 in Africa, Asia, Eastern Europe, and Latin America and the Caribbean. Descriptive analysis is performed. Results: Approximately 29.0% (95% confidence interval [CI]: 28.8, 29.3) of women reported any physical or sexual IPV. Among ever married women who first experienced violence post-union, abuse began, on average, 3.5 years (95% CI 3.4, 3.5), after union formation. Approximately 38.5% (95% CI 37.9, 39.0) and 67.5% (95% CI 67.0, 68.1) of those ever experiencing abuse did so within 1 year and 3 years, respectively, of union formation. Regionally, average years into union of abuse initiation showed little variation and average age at first abuse among once married women is 22.1 years. Conclusions: Results imply that primary prevention for IPV must take place on average before first union before age 19 years, to capture the most relevant and at risk target population. Resources allocated toward risk factors in childhood and adolescence may be most effective in combating initiation of IPV globally. Despite this finding, there remains a lack of evidence on effective interventions for primary prevention of abuse during women's early years in developing settings.

Phillips, S., et al. (2009). "Children of Probationers in the Child Welfare System and Their Families." Journal of Child & Family Studies 18(2): 183-191.
	This study describes changes over a 36-month period in the lives of children of probationers who were subjects of reports of maltreatment. Data on a nationally representative sample of reported victims of maltreatment were used to examine probationer-parents’ contact with the criminal justice system, and concurrent changes in their children’s households, risk exposure, and emotional and behavioral problems. Results show that 36 months after coming in contact with the child welfare system, about 40% of probationer’s children no longer lived with their probationer-parents. During the same period, children’s exposure to risk (i.e., parental substance abuse, mental illness, and domestic violence) dropped markedly; however, there was an upward trend in the prevalence of child emotional and behavioral problems. These problems ultimately declined among very young children, but persisted among elementary school age children. Further prospective studies are needed to better understand the confluence of factors affecting the outcomes of probationers’ children. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Journal of Child & Family Studies is the property of Springer Nature and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Picasso, E. and M. A. Cohen (2019). "Valuing the public's demand for crime prevention programs: a discrete choice experiment." Journal of experimental criminology 15(4): 529-550.
	Objectives: The objectives of the study were (a) to utilize a state-of-the-art survey methodology previously employed in the environmental, health, and safety economics literatures to estimate the cost of violent crime and homicide in Buenos Aires and (b) to demonstrate the feasibility of this method for crime cost estimation and for using these surveys in developing countries. Methods: The study used a random sample of households from an online panel in Buenos Aires. Respondents were asked to choose among three options with factorial design varying homicide rate, violent crime rate, policy measures to reduce crime, and tax impact (with one option being status quo). Discrete choice modeling was utilized to estimate willingness-to-pay for reduction in risk of homicide and violent crime as well as independent values for two policy options. Results: The cost of homicide in Buenos Aires is estimated to be approximately $1.5 million, whereas the cost of other violent crimes (including rape, robbery, and aggravated assault) is estimated to average $2000. In addition to extending intangible crime cost estimates to Latin America, we simultaneously estimate the value of two comprehensive crime control policies, with values ranging from $600 to $700 million/year, about $12 per household per month each. Conclusion: Discrete choice experiments can be credibly adopted to estimate the cost of crime. We implement this method in a Latin American country, where the estimated costs in Buenos Ares are consistent with those found in developing countries once controlling for income differences. These subjective crime cost valuations are significantly higher than tangible crime costs and, thus, provide a significant improvement in the ability of policy makers to conduct social benefit–cost analysis. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Journal of Experimental Criminology is the property of Springer Nature and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Pickett, W., et al. (2013). "Trends and socioeconomic correlates of adolescent physical fighting in 30 countries." Pediatrics 131(1): e18-e26.
	BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: No recent international studies provide evidence about its prevalence, trends, or social determinants of physical fighting in adolescents. We studied cross-national epidemiologic trends over time in the occurrence of frequent physical fighting, demographic variations in reported trends, and national wealth and income inequality as correlates. METHODS: Cross-sectional surveys were administered in school settings in 2002, 2006, and 2010. Participants (N=493874) included eligible and consenting students aged 11, 13, and 15 years in sampled schools from 30 mainly European and North American countries. Individual measures included engagement in frequent physical fighting, age, gender, participation in multiple risk behaviors, victimization by bullying, and family affluence. Contextual measures included national income inequality, absolute wealth and homicide rates. Temporal measure was survey cycle (year). RESULTS: Frequent physical fighting declined over time in 19 (63%) of 30 countries (from descriptive then multiple Poisson regression analyses). Contextual measures of absolute wealth (relative risk 0.96, 95% confidence interval 0.93-0.99 per 1 SD increase in gross domestic product per capita) but not income inequality (relative risk 1.01, 95% confidence interval 0.98-1.05 per 1 SD increase) related to lower levels of engagement in fighting. Other risk factors identified were male gender, younger age (11 years), multiple risk behaviors, victimization by bullying, and national homicide rates. CONCLUSIONS: Between 2002 and 2010, adolescent physical fighting declined in most countries. Specific groups of adolescents require targeted violence reduction programs. Possible determinants responsible for the observed declines are discussed.

Pike, L., et al. (2011). "Training, knowledge and confidence in safeguarding adults: results from a postal survey of the health and social care sector in a single county." Journal of Adult Protection 13(5): 259-274.
	Purpose - The purpose of this paper is to clarify the relationship between safeguarding adults training, staff knowledge and confidence.Design/methodology/approach - A total of 647 responses from a cross sectional postal sample survey of the health and social care sector in Cornwall, were analysed.Findings - Differences in knowledge and confidence around safeguarding were observed between staff groups and agencies. Training contributed to an approximately 20 per cent increase in knowledge and a ceiling effect was noted. Confidence linked knowledge and action. More confident staff offered more sophisticated responses regarding improving safeguarding processes.Research limitations/implications - Low response rates and the specific context limit generalisability. Knowledge and confidence measures were simplistic. Further research is needed on the mechanism of action by which safeguarding adults training is effective.Practical implications - Safeguarding adults training and a targeted approach to the analysis of learning needs should be debated in the context of training transfer. Training should be evaluated to ascertain its effectiveness.Originality/value - This is the first major multi-agency UK survey of its kind. Findings provide a baseline for further research. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Journal of Adult Protection is the property of Emerald Publishing and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Pino, G., et al. (2016). "The influence of corporate social responsibility on consumers' attitudes and intentions toward genetically modified foods: evidence from Italy." Journal of Cleaner Production 112(Part 4): 2861-2869.
	The genetically modified food industry may contribute to environmental protection and sustainable development. Nevertheless, many consumers are skeptical about genetically modified foods and fear that their diffusion may have detrimental effects on the environment and public health. Given this situation, genetically modified food producers may benefit from understanding how to address such concerns through appropriate corporate social responsibility initiatives. However, there is scarce research investigating this issue. This paper contributes to this research stream by studying how consumers' perceptions about genetically modified food producers' corporate social responsibility initiatives impact said consumers' attitudes toward and intentions to buy such products. This research builds on the well-established model of corporate social responsibility proposed by Carroll (1979) and investigates this issue through a survey study of 260 Italian consumers. The results show that perceptions about producers' philanthropic and legal responsibilities favorably impact Italian consumers' attitudes toward genetically modified foods and their intentions to buy such products, respectively. Managers interested in developing the genetically modified food market could therefore focus on these responsibilities to foster favorable attitudes and intentions toward genetically modified foods.

Pirard, P., et al. (2018). "Public health survey after the 13 November 2015 terrorist attacks (ESPA 13 November): post-traumatic stress disorder, psychological impact and care, first results concerning civilians. / Enquête de santé publique post-attentats du 13 novembre 2015 (ESPA 13-novembre): trouble de santé post-traumatique, impact psychologique et soins, premiers résultats concernant les civils." Bulletin Épidémiologique Hebdomadaire(38/39): 747-755.
	Eight to 11 months after the terrorist attacks of November 2015 Santé publique France launched a post-attack public health survey between 7 July and 10 November 2016. The study targeted persons whose exposure corresponded to DSM-5 criterion A (exposure to death or to severe injuries) for PTSD. Its objectives were to assess the psychological impact of these attacks on responders and the mental health care use by these persons. This article presents the preliminary results regarding civilian victims (except health care and rescue staff) who participated in the study. The study was announced to the concerned population via media campaigns, victims' associations, victims' support associations, voluntary medical relays, and visits to cafés and residents adjacent to the terrorist attacks. Volunteers had to respond to a Web-questionnaire available on "Santé publique France" Website. After having answered an inclusion questionnaire, participants were asked questions on socioeconomic characteristics, previous trauma and mental health history, mental health (PTSD checklist for DSM-5 (PCL-5) Hospital anxiety and depression scale (HAD), Prigerson's Inventory of complicated grief (ICG), using standard thresholds for each scale), health care utilization, exposures to the attacks, losses and life consequences. The impact was significant with a likely post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) for 54% of direct (directly targeted, injured) victims exposed, 27% of on-site witnesses and 21% of nearby witnesses. For the bereaved (ie persons who lost a person whom they considered close) without any other exposure, the prevalence of the probable PTSD was 54%. A possible complicated mourning (score greater than 25 on the Prigerson questionnaire) was observed in 66% of these mourners. Of those with probable PTSD, 46% reported not having regular treatment with a psychologist or doctor. This proportion was higher for witnesses on site et nearby (63%) and for the mourners with no direct exposure (46%) than for the people directly threatened (33%). These initial results suggest a need to strengthen and expand access to medium-term health care.

Pistella, J., et al. (2019). "The role of peer victimization, sexual identity, and gender on unhealthy weight control behaviors in a representative sample of Texas youth." International Journal of Eating Disorders 52(5): 597-601.
	Objective: The aim of the study is to examine the association between victimization and unhealthy weight control behaviors (UWCB), accounting for other key correlates of UWCB while considering the moderating role of sexual identity and gender. Method: This study used data from the 2017 Texas Youth Risk Behavior Survey (YRBS), a representative sample of students in grades 9-12 in the U.S. state of Texas, including 2,067 students (1,754 heterosexuals and 313 sexual minorities). We used survey-weighted logistic regression to examine the association of sexual identity, gender, and victimization (dating violence, cyberbullying, and school bullying) with UWCB, after adjusting for demographic information and indicators of weight, physical activity, and support from adults. Results: Unhealthy weight control behaviors were associated with older age, being obese, lack of support from adults, low physical activity, and cyberbullying. A significant three-way interaction between gender, sexual identity and bullying showed that bullying was associated with high levels of UWCB among sexual minority males. Discussion: Our study highlights the role of victimization in health behaviors for stigmatized groups, and the importance of school efforts to implement an equitable and safe learning environment for all students.

Piza, E. L. and S. Q. Feng (2017). "The Current and Potential Role of Crime Analysts in Evaluations of Police Interventions: Results From a Survey of the International Association of Crime Analysts." Police Quarterly 20(4): 339-366.
	Crime analysts play a pivotal role in evidence-based policing by readily diagnosing the nature of crime and disorder problems. Such analysis products are key in the design of evidence-based strategies. The role of analysts in the subsequent process of evidence-based policing, the evaluation of programs to determine what works, is less known. The current study seeks to fill this gap in the literature through a survey of the International Association of Crime Analyst Membership. Findings suggest that program evaluation lies on the periphery of the crime analysis profession. Across all measures incorporated in this study, program evaluation was emphasized less than all other crime analysis functions. Findings of logistic regression models further suggest that, for the most part, no specific factors are associated with increased levels of program evaluation experience. We conclude with a discussion of how crime analysts can become more involved in evaluations of police programs and strategies. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Police Quarterly is the property of Sage Publications Inc. and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Podana, Z. (2010). "Reporting to the Police as a Response to Intimate Partner Violence." Sociologicky Casopis 46(3): 453-474.
	Research on police involvement in cases of intimate partner violence (IPV) focuses mainly on best intervention strategies and often neglects the key prerequisite of any intervention: the victim's decision to contact the police. This article concentrates on the circumstances that make IPV incidents more likely to be reported to the police, and it also analyses the reasons for victims' not reporting and for their distrust of the police. It makes use of data from the Czech part of the International Violence Against Women Survey, which allows us to analyse the reporting behaviour of 709 female victims of IPV. The reporting rate among them is very low - only 8%. Logistic regression models of reporting confirmed the high relevance of the features of the particular incident and revealed also several factors related to the history of violence in the relationship; on the other hand, the victim's resources were found to have no influence. Distrust of the police proved to be an important factor for not reporting to the police (29% of women), and further analysis of this factor suggested the possible occurrence of learned helplessness syndrome among some victims. An additional substantial outcome of this study is its highlighting of the importance of different forms of psychological abuse (threats vs. control) which have diverse effects on victims' reporting behaviour. Adapted from the source document.

Podaná, Z. and J. Buriánek (2013). "Does Cultural Context Affect the Association Between Self-Control and Problematic Alcohol Use Among Juveniles? A Multilevel Analysis of 25 European Countries." Journal of Contemporary Criminal Justice 29(1): 70-87.
	The article studies self-reported alcohol consumption of European juveniles and examines its link to the level of their self-control, making use of data from International Self-Report Delinquency Study 2 (ISRD-2). The proportion of problematic drinkers and the mean level of self-control as well as the strength of the association differs among European countries. Following Gottfredson and Hirschi’s general theory of crime, two hypotheses are tested, focusing on different degrees of social tolerance of juvenile drinking and alcohol availability (i.e., opportunity). Findings based on logistic multilevel models for several indicators of problematic alcohol use suggest that social tolerance (reflected in the level of cultural acceptance of juvenile drinking and in the level of policy strictness) can indeed explain the cross-national differences in the strength of self-control–problematic drinking relationship, while the contribution of opportunity is questionable in this respect. Opportunity, however, is highly relevant when explaining cross-cultural differences in the extent of problematic drinking. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Journal of Contemporary Criminal Justice is the property of Sage Publications Inc. and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Ponsich, A., et al. (2016). "A prospective study on the incidence of dog bites and management in a rural Cambodian, rabies-endemic setting." Acta Tropica 160: 62-67.
	Rabies circulates intensely in Cambodia, mainly affecting rural populations. We conducted a prospective study to estimate the baseline incidence of potentially infective dog bites in rural villages of Siem Reap province, Cambodia. The study was conducted in a convenience sample of 844 families totaling 1779 persons in four villages. The study collected data in a total of 802.3 person-years. Trained village health workers (VHW) exhaustively documented consecutive dog bites at the end of each month. Between May 15th and November 15th, 2011, a total of 40 attacks (43 bites; 1.07 bites per attack) were notified by 39 persons (50% female; one suffered two distinct incidents) to VHW. The all-age attack rate for bites over this 6-month period was 2.3% (CI95%: 1.7-3.1%), with a global incidence rate estimated at 4.84 bites/100 person-years (CI95%: 3.5-6.6). The mean age in bite victims was 20.8±18.9 years (median 12.5; interquartile range 6-36; range 1-63). The dog was identified in 39 (97.5%) of cases, being the household dog in 9 (22.5%) of cases. Bites were classified as severe (WHO Category III-broken skin with bleeding) in 33 (82.5%) of cases with a severe dog bites incidence estimated at 4/100 person-years (CI95%: 2.8-5.6). The bites involved the hand or face in 1 (2.5%) case each (both Category III). In 20 incidents (50%), only rice was applied to the wounds. There were no suspected or confirmed human rabies deaths during the study period but one dog died after biting (2 others were lost to follow-up and 14 were put down by their owner). Our study documented an extremely high incidence of dog bites in of rural Cambodian adults and children. Adapted control policies for canine vaccination are urgently needed.

Porter, A. K., et al. (2018). "Perceived social and built environment correlates of transportation and recreation-only bicycling among adults." Preventing Chronic Disease 15(11): E135-E135.
	Introduction: Research on perceptions of environmental factors in relation to transportation and recreation bicycling is limited in the United States. We explored the association between perceived social and built environment factors with total, transportation, and recreation bicycling in a sample of adult bicyclists in Austin, Texas, and Birmingham, Alabama. The objective of this study was to examine the relationship between perceived social and built environment factors and domain-specific bicycling in a sample of adult bicyclists. Methods: Adults aged 18 to 65 who rode a bicycle at least once in the past year completed an internet-based survey that was developed for this study to specifically assess correlates of bicycling; the study was conducted from October 2016 through January 2017. Perceived environmental factors assessed were residential density, traffic safety, destination, connectivity, safety from crime, aesthetics, and bicycle infrastructure. Multivariable logistic regression models were used to estimate the association of each perceived environmental factor (tertile 1, lowest; tertile 3, highest) with recreation-only and transportation bicycling. Effect modification of the relation between environmental factors and bicycling outcomes by sex was also examined. Results: The final analytic sample size was 801 participants. All environmental factors examined, including residential density, traffic safety, destinations, connectivity, aesthetics, bicycle infrastructure, and safety from crime showed significantly direct associations with transportation bicycling. Traffic safety, destinations, aesthetics, and bicycle infrastructure showed significant direct and inverse associations with recreation-only bicycling. Effect modification by sex was identified with residential density; a significant direct association with recreation-only bicycling was seen among women. Conclusion: These findings illustrate that bicycling for transportation is associated with different perceived environmental factors than is recreation-only bicycling, with some significant modification by sex. Comprehensive tools that assess the perceived environment for bikeability in the United States are warranted.

Porter, J. R. and E. H. Ecklund (2012). "Missing Data in Sociological Research: An Overview of Recent Trends and an Illustration for Controversial Questions, Active Nonrespondents and Targeted Samples." The American Sociologist 43(4): 448-468.
	In an age of telemarketers, spam emails, and pop-up advertisements, sociologists are finding it increasingly difficult to achieve high response rates for their surveys. Compounding these issues, the current political and social climate has decreased many survey respondents' likelihood of responding to controversial questions, which are often at the heart of much research in the discipline. Here we discuss such implications for survey research in sociology using: a content analysis of the prevalence of missing data and survey research methods in the most cited articles in top sociology journals, a case study highlighting the extraction of meaningful information through an example of potential mechanisms driving the non-random missing data patterns in the Religion Among Academic Scientists dataset, and qualitative responses from non-responders in this same case. Implications are likely to increase in importance given the ubiquitous nature of survey research, missing data, and privacy concerns in sociological research.

Posick, C. (2014). "Victimization and reporting to the police: The role of negative emotionality." Psychology of Violence 4(2): 210-223.
	Objective: Current research has suggested that characteristics of the victim (e.g., sex, race, age) and situational factors (e.g., injury, relationship to the offender) influence police reporting. Questions remain as to what other variables influence police reporting as well as the particular motivational mechanisms that move victims, and others, to report victimization incidents. This study introduces negative emotionality to investigate the direct and mediation effects of emotions on police reporting. Method: Using data from the British Crime Survey, regression models were used to explore the path from individual and incident characteristics to police reporting. Negative emotionality was introduced into the regression models as a key mediator in this pathway. Results: Negative emotionality significantly increased the chance of police reporting. Negative emotionality also mediated some of the influence of individual and incident characteristics on police reporting. Conclusion: The results suggest that emotions are important in determining why some incidents come to the attention of the police. They also reveal that victims who come to the attention of the police are often dealing with a multitude of intense negative emotions. This suggests that programs that focus on victims’ emotions, such as restorative justice, may be more successful in meeting the needs of victims than traditional approaches. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)

Poteat, V. P., et al. (2013). "Gay-straight alliances are associated with student health: a multischool comparison of LGBTQ and heterosexual youth." Journal of Research on Adolescence 23(2): 319-330.
	Few studies have examined school-based factors associated with variability in the victimization and health of lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, and questioning (LGBTQ) youth. Among 15,965 students in 45 Wisconsin schools, we identified differences based on Gay-Straight Alliance (GSA) presence. Youth in schools with GSAs reported less truancy, smoking, drinking, suicide attempts, and sex with casual partners than those in schools without GSAs, with this difference being more sizable for LGBTQ than heterosexual youth. GSA-based differences were greatest for sexual minority girls on reported sex while using drugs. GSA effects were nonsignificant for general or homophobic victimization, grades, and school belonging. Findings suggest that GSAs could contribute to attenuating a range of health risks, particularly for LGBTQ youth.

Prestage, G., et al. (2012). "Is optimism enough? Gay men's beliefs about HIV and their perspectives on risk and pleasure." Sexually Transmitted Diseases 39(3): 167-172.
	Background: Measures of HIV treatments optimism were developed in response to increased risk behavior among gay men, but were limited in their capacity to help understand gay men's risk behavior. Methods: We explored current beliefs about HIV health and transmission and sexual desire and risk behavior in an online survey of 2306 Australian gay men. The survey included free text components. We conducted 40 qualitative interviews to explore how men's beliefs affected decisions about risk behavior. We conducted a principal components factor analysis on the optimism belief items in the survey, and thematic analysis of the qualitative material was used to interrogate the concepts underpinning these beliefs. Results: We identified two measures of HIV optimism: Health Optimism (α=0.791) and Transmission Optimism (α=0.795). In multivariate analysis, unprotected anal intercourse with casual partners was only associated with HIV transmission optimism regardless of HIV serostatus (P&lt;0.001). Using the qualitative data, we identified 4 themes in how men think about HIV: "concerned," "unconcerned," "fearful," and "irrelevant." Each theme interpellates the 2 optimism measures. Conclusion: HIV optimism remains a useful indicator of gay men's likelihood to take risk, but technical knowledge, experience, desire, and attitudes to risk may all affect how people respond and often in multiple, sometimes contradictory, directions. Men's beliefs about HIV transmission risk in particular may reflect willingness to pursue pleasure over risk, or, alternatively, morbid fear of any risk. Measures of HIV optimism should be complemented by analysis of the complexities of individuals' assessments of both risk and pleasure in specific sexual contexts.

Priede, C., et al. (2014). "Which probes are most useful when undertaking cognitive interviews?" International Journal of Social Research Methodology 17(5): 559-568.
	This paper reports the use of verbal probes in cognitive interviews (CIs) undertaken to test the usefulness, validity and reliability of survey questions. Through examining the use of probes by three interviewers undertaking interviews as part the piloting of a cross-national crime survey, we examine which of the various types of probes used in CIs produce the most useful information. Other influences on interview quality are examined, including differences between interviewers and respondents themselves. The analyses rely on multi-level modelling and suggest that anticipated, emergent and conditional probes provide the most useful data. Furthermore, age, gender and educational levels appear to have no bearing on the quality of the data generated. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of International Journal of Social Research Methodology is the property of Routledge and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Pritchard, A. J., et al. (2019). "Who Speaks First? Analyzing Response Waves in a Large-Scale Campus Climate Survey." Journal of Aggression, Maltreatment & Trauma 28(7): 888-901.
	There has been a recent surge in the number of campus climate surveys conducted across the United States; however, little research has examined response rates. Using data from 5,524 students who participated in a Web-based survey at a large university in a South Atlantic part of the United States, four waves of data corresponding with participation rates after reminder e-mails were analyzed. These waves are first compared across a number of demographic variables. Next, the data on rates of stalking, intimate partner violence, sexual assault, and stranger sexual harassment for each wave are examined. The results show few significant differences in the characteristics of the students participating in each wave, and the victimization rates remained relatively constant across the 4 weeks of data collection. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Journal of Aggression, Maltreatment & Trauma is the property of Taylor & Francis Ltd and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Prokop, P., et al. (2010). "Risk of parasite transmission influences perceived vulnerability to disease and perceived danger of disease-relevant animals." Behavioural Processes 85(1): 52-57.
	Adaptationist view proposes that emotions were shaped by natural selection and their primary function is to protect humans against predators and/or disease threat. This study examined cross-cultural and inter-personal differences in behavioural immune system measured by disgust, fear and perceived danger in participants from high (Turkey) and low (Slovakia) pathogen prevalence areas. We found that behavioural immune system in Turkish participants was activated more than those of Slovakian participants when exposed to photographs depicting disease-relevant cues, but not when exposed to disease-irrelevant cues. However, participants from Slovakia, where human to human disease transmission is expected to be more prevalent than in Turkey, showed lower aversion in Germ Aversion subscale supporting hypersensitiveness of the behavioural immune system. Having animals at home was less frequent both in Turkey and in participants who perceived higher danger about disease relevant animals. Participants more vulnerable to diseases reported higher incidence of illness last year and considered perceived disease-relevant animals more dangerous than others. Females showed greater fear, disgust and danger about disease-relevant animals than males. Our results further support the finding that cultural and inter-personal differences in human personality are influenced by parasite threat.

Puhl, R. M., et al. (2019). "Weight-based victimization among sexual and gender minority adolescents: findings from a diverse national sample." Pediatric Obesity 14(7): e12514-e12514.
	Objectives: Children and adolescents with overweight and obesity are vulnerable to weight-based victimization. Research on weight-based victimization and sexual identity have been largely isolated from one another; little is known about the nature of weight-based victimization in sexual and gender minority (SGM: eg, lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender) youth. Our study is the first to examine the nature, extent, and sources of weight-based victimization in a large sample of SGM adolescents. Methods: This study utilized data from the LGBTQ National Teen Survey, a comprehensive online survey assessing victimization, school experiences, health behaviors, and sexuality-specific experiences of SGM adolescents across the United States. The sample was composed of 9838 SGM adolescents (Mage=15.6 years). Results: Across diverse sexual orientation and gender identity groups, 44% to 70% of adolescents reported weight-based teasing from family members, and 42% to 57% reported weight-based teasing from peers. Approximately one-third of adolescents reported these experiences from both family and peers. Weight-based victimization was prevalent across body weight categories, particularly at highest (obesity) and lowest (underweight) extremes. Moreover, weight-based victimization was prevalent across adolescents who endorsed established sexual identity labels (eg, gay, lesbian, bisexual) and emerging labels (eg, pansexual, asexual). Conclusions: Weight-based victimization, from family members and peers, is prevalent among SGM adolescents, across diverse body sizes and sexual and gender identities. Pediatric providers should be aware that SGM youth may be vulnerable to weight-based victimization, across diverse body sizes.

Puhl, R. M., et al. (2013). "Parental concerns about weight-based victimization in youth." Childhood Obesity 9(6): 540-548.
	Background: The present study aimed to assess parental perceptions of weight-based victimization (WBV) and its consequences for children's health as well as how perceptions of WBV vary by parental and child weight status. Methods: A national sample of American parents with children ages 2-18 years (N=918) completed an online questionnaire to assess their perceptions of how common WBV is, compared to other forms of victimization among youth, their level of concern with this issue both generally and for their own child, and their perceptions of behavioral and psychological consequences of WBV. Descriptive statistics and censored regression models with standardized coefficients were used to analyze the data. Results: Fifty-three percent of parents perceived "being overweight" to be the most common reason that youth are bullied, regardless of parental or child weight status. Parents, both with and without overweight children, endorsed similar levels of general concern about WBV and its psychological and behavioral consequences for youth. However, parents with overweight children were substantially more concerned about WBV affecting their child(ren) and perceived it to be more common, serious, and posed risks to their child(ren)'s health, compared to parents without overweight children. Conclusions: The present study, to the best of the authors' knowledge, is the first to indicate that parents have substantial concerns about WBV and its health consequences for youth. These findings highlight the need for educators and pediatric healthcare providers to be aware that WBV is a common concern among families, and suggest that increased efforts are needed to address WBV.

Puhl, R. M., et al. (2015). "Public attitudes about different types of anti-bullying laws: results from a national survey." Journal of Public Health Policy 36(1): 95-109.
	State anti-bullying laws have been enacted across the United States to address bullying both by and of youths. Although these statutes can provide critical protection to youth, there is debate about whether such laws should enumerate protected classes of youth. Weight-based bullying is an increasingly prevalent form of harassment and it has been overlooked in policy initiatives. Enumeration in existing laws might help protect overweight victims. As no research has examined this issue, we conducted a national survey of American adults (N=1155) to assess public opinion about enactment of anti-bullying laws that vary according to whether or not they enumerate distinguishing characteristics. Our results demonstrated substantial public agreement (ranging from 2/3 to 3/4 of participants) with enactment of state and federal anti-bullying laws that enumerate distinguishing characteristics, including physical appearance and weight, which are currently absent in most statutes. Our evidence can inform policy and legal approaches to protect youth effectively from bullying.

Qu, Z., et al. (2014). "Monitor the epidemiologic characteristics of human rabies in Henan province, China, 2010-2012." Journal of Tropical Medicine (Guangzhou) 14(9): 1220-1222.
	Objective: To analyze the epidemiological characteristics of human rabies in Henan province from 2010 to 2012. Methods: The data of rabies were collected and analyzed by EpiData3.0 and SPSS 13.0 (chi-square test). Results: 94 rabies cases were found in 53 counties in 13 cities in Henan province. The male to female ratio was 1.94:1; more incidences were found in 40-65 age groups and in August; most of the victims were peasants (72.3%) and caused by dog bites; one patient was infected by cat scratch; some patients escape phenomenon. Conclusion: Henan province is an important rabies endemic areas, need to take an integrated multi-sectoral joint prevention and control measures to prevent the spread of the epidemic.

Quatember, A. (2019). "A discussion of the two different aspects of privacy protection in indirect questioning designs." Quality and Quantity 53(1): 269-282.
	The motivation behind considering the use of indirect questioning designs is their possible positive effect on the respondents’ willingness to cooperate. Whereas the privacy protection objectively offered by these methods has a direct effect on the estimator’s efficiency, it is the subjectively perceived protection which affects the respondents’ willingness to cooperate. For the discussion of these different aspects of privacy protection, a family of randomized response techniques enabling the tailoring of the design’s privacy protection to the respondents is presented as representative of indirect questioning designs. Measures are suggested that formalize how the objectively offered and subjectively perceived privacy protection may differ. Different features of randomized response questioning designs, influencing the perceived privacy protection, are discussed particularly for the “crosswise model” in order to avoid underestimations of the true levels of privacy protection, which would be counter-productive with regard to the respondents’ cooperation propensity.

Qureshi, F. (2010). "A comparison of the British Crime Survey and police statistics for a southern English county." International Journal of Police Science & Management 12(2): 220-237.
	The purpose of this research was to examine whether it was possible to use the British Crime Survey (BCS) data on Stop and Search for a southern English police force area (PFA) and to compare the findings from the BCS with those from police records. The local-level analysis of the BCS by PFA and recorded police statistics was an attempt to identify the similarities and differences, if any, between the two data sources. The research compares recorded police and BCS statistics for the same geographical police force area of a southern English county, for the period 2003 to 2006. The analysis looks at the number of stops and searches in each data source and presents a comparison of the ratio of persons arrested following a Stop and Search. The distribution of vehicle and pedestrian stops and searches in the two data sources is examined, as well as the demographic characteristics of suspects. The findings show that the BCS is a more accurate measure of stops than police statistics, although both data sources produced a similar pattern in the proportion of searches and arrests. The BCS showed that motor vehicle encounters were the most common form of contact, whereas police statistics showed that it was pedestrian encounters. However, a limited analysis was conducted using the BCS when the data were subdivided to consider age and ethnicity. Above all, the research has drawn attention to the gulf that exists between the two data sources. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of International Journal of Police Science & Management is the property of Sage Publications, Ltd. and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Qureshi, F. and L. Grove (2013). "Thirty years of police stops: findings from the Crime Survey for England and Wales." International Journal of Police Science & Management 15(2): 157-166.
	Trends in police stop and search of pedestrians and motor vehicles are examined using data from the Crime Survey for England and Wales (CSEW) from 1982 to 2010. The average number of stops per survey year stood at 215.7 (SD = 62.3) compared with 26.7 (SD = 8.5) for searches per 1,000 of the population. From the late 1980s onwards, the distribution of police stops and searches decreased. There were steep declines in the number of stops after 1997 (following the Stephen Lawrence enquiry), but some increases in pedestrian stops have been evident since 2001 (possibly owing to new terrorist concerns). The likelihood of a search resulting from a stop decreased from 28 to 23 per cent from the 1990s to the 2000s for pedestrians, but remained stable at around 10 per cent for motor vehicles. The arrest yield of police stops and searches was low, but it was evident that pedestrian encounters were more investigative in nature than motor vehicle encounters, as it appeared that police officers were more inclined to ask those stopped on foot further questions. By contrast, the police tactic was targeted towards motorists who had committed some form of motoring offence. However, it is apparent that police stops are very unevenly distributed. Each year, the majority of all stops are repeats of the same pedestrians or vehicles, and a small proportion are stopped frequently. Findings from the 2010/11 CSEW showed that around 9.8 per cent of persons stopped on foot accounted for 81.7 per cent of stops, and around 4.8 per cent of stopped vehicles for 62.0 per cent of stops (two or more stops). Further research and policy attention to the repetitive nature of stops and searches is warranted. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of International Journal of Police Science & Management is the property of Sage Publications, Ltd. and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Rabel, B. V., et al. (2014). "Interview Interruption and Responses to Questions About Domestic Violence in India." Violence against women 20(8): 937-947.
	This article uses the National Family Health Survey 2005-2006 (NFHS-3) of India to examine the relationship between interview interruption and the reporting of domestic violence. A sample of 65,610 currently married women was used to compare reported acts of physical and sexual violence among women who had been interrupted during their interview and those who had not. Logistic regression analyses indicated that women whose interviews were interrupted by either an adult man or woman were significantly more likely to report intimate partner violence. [Reprinted by permission of Sage Publications Inc., copyright holder.]

Rachiotis, G., et al. (2010). "Low acceptance of vaccination against the 2009 pandemic influenza A(H1N1) among healthcare workers in Greece." Eurosurveillance 15(6): 19486-19486.
	A questionnaire survey on the attitude of healthcare workers towards pandemic influenza vaccination showed low acceptance (17%) of the pandemic vaccine. Factors associated with vaccine uptake were acceptance of seasonal influenza vaccination, medical profession and age. The main reason for refusal of vaccination was fear of side effects, which was stronger in those who received information on the safety of the vaccine mainly from mass media.

Rada, C. (2014). "Violence against women by male partners and against children within the family: prevalence, associated factors, and intergenerational transmission in Romania, a cross-sectional study." BMC public health 14(129): (7 February 2014)-(2017 February 2014).
	Background: Domestic violence is a public health problem with negative consequences. We aimed to determine the prevalence of violence between parents and by parents against children, types of intimate partner violence against women, the intergenerational transmission of violence, and to identify a profile of beliefs and judgements regarding violent behaviour. Methods: The data used for this article were sourced from three cross-sectional studies performed in Romania in 2009-2011. We sampled 869 respondents (male and female) with a homogenous distribution between environment, gender, educational level, and age group (18 to 75). From a 96-item questionnaire regarding family and reproductive health, this article refers to four items: (1) feelings relating to the family in which they were raised; (2) whether they witnessed violence between parents or were victims of violence by parents or other family members during childhood or the teenage years; (3) opinions relating to 10 statements on violence from Maudsley Violence Questionnaire; (4) the manifestation of psychological, emotional, and sexual abuse from the partner in the family of procreation (FOP). The data were analysed by Pearson chi-square tests and latent class analysis. Results: During childhood, 35% of respondents witnessed parental violence and 53.7% were victims of family violence. Psychological abuse by men against women was the most common type of violence reported in the FOP (45.1%). Violence in childhood and adolescence correlated with the perception of the family of origin as a hostile environment and of violence against women as a corrective measure, and that insults, swearing, and humiliation by their partner within the FOP is acceptable (p&lt;0.05). A profile of beliefs and judgements about violent behaviour indicated that the Impulsive reactive cluster is represented by men in rural areas, and by subjects who witnessed parental violence or were victims of violence during childhood (p&lt;0.001). Conclusions: In Romania, the use of violence as a form of discipline or instruction of children and women remains a significant problem, with a higher rate of intimate partner violence than in other developed countries. Furthermore, implementing intervention mechanisms for psychological abuse is urgently required, as are education and intervention in high-risk populations.

Radhakrishnan, A., et al. (2018). "Linking physician attitudes to their breast cancer screening practices: a survey of US primary care providers and gynecologists." Preventive medicine 107: 90-102.
	Despite changes to breast cancer screening guidelines intended to decrease screening in younger and older women, mammography rates remain high. We investigated physician attitudes towards screening younger and older women. Surveys were mailed to US primary care providers and gynecologists between May and September 2016 (871/1665, 52.3% adjusted response rate). We assessed physician (1) attitudes towards screening younger (45-49 years) and older (75 + years) women and (2) recommendations for routine mammography. We used exploratory factor analysis to identify underlying themes among physician attitudes and created measures standardized to a 5-point scale. Using multivariable logistic regression models, we examined associations between physician attitudes and screening recommendations. Attitudes identified with factor analysis included: potential regret, expectations, and discordant guidelines (referred to as potential regret), patient-related hazards due to screening, physician limitations and uncertainty, and concerns about rationing care. Gynecologists had higher levels of potential regret compared to internists. In adjusted analyses, physicians with increasing potential regret (1-point increment on 5-point scale) had higher odds of recommending mammography to younger (OR 8.68; 95% CI 5.25-14.36) and older women (OR 4.62; 95% CI 3.50-6.11). Increasing concern for patient-related hazards was associated with decreased odds of recommending screening to older women (OR 0.68; 95% CI 0.56-0.83). Physicians were more motivated by potential regret in recommending screening for younger and older women than by concerns for patient-related hazards in screening. Addressing physicians' most salient concerns, such as fear of missing cancer diagnoses and malpractice, may present an important opportunity to improving delivery of guideline-concordant cancer screening.

Radhika, R. H. and B. R. S. Kashyap (2012). "Pattern of poisoning at a tertiary care hospital in Bangalore, India: a retrospective two-year survey." Journal of the Indian Society of Toxicology 8(2): 16-20.
	With the progress in agricultural and industrial fields, a vast number of pesticides are available today, which on exposure produce severe toxicity. A thorough knowledge about the nature and magnitude of the problem in a particular area is essential for doctors in hospital practice to effectively manage such cases. This retrospective study was done with regard to cases which were brought with alleged history of poisoning at the emergency department of MVJ Medical College & Research Hospital, Hosakote, Bangalore, during the period September 2009 to August 2011 with the objective of evaluating the pattern of poisoning at a tertiary care hospital, and to study the socio-demographic profile of the same. Most of the victims of poisoning in this study consumed organophosphorus insecticide compounds for suicidal purpose, and were aged between 21-30 years, with almost equal ratio between males and females. Individuals from rural areas outnumbered the urban population. Aluminium and zinc phosphide accounted for some of the cases relating to pesticide exposure. A significant proportion of cases comprised victims who had consumed various allopathic and ayurvedic pharmaceutical preparations.

Radun, I., et al. (2019). "Suicide by crashing into a heavy vehicle: Professional drivers' views." Traffic Injury Prevention 20(8): 826-831.
	Objective: Every profession has its own safety and health risks. In addition to the risk of being involved in a "normal" road crash, professional heavy vehicle drivers are at risk of becoming victims of people attempting suicide by crashing into their vehicles. Road suicides are not that rare, at least not in Finland, where they represent about 12% of all fatal road crashes. The purpose of this study was to survey professional heavy vehicle drivers about their experiences, views and opinions regarding road suicides.Methods: The sample included heavy vehicle drivers (N = 863) randomly recruited from a transport workers' union.Results: About 18% of the respondents reported a suspected suicide attempt of a motor vehicle driver crashing into their vehicle, with 15% of these (i.e.2.8% of the whole sample) also reporting a resulting crash. More than half of the respondents reported personally knowing another professional driver who had experienced a crash caused by a suicidal driver. Almost 80% of the drivers reported being afraid that someone would attempt suicide by crashing into their vehicle; however, thinking about such a possibility produces a level of anxiety in less than half of all respondents. Most respondents agreed about the challenges of avoiding a crash if somebody deliberately drives their car towards their vehicle.Conclusion: Heavy vehicle drivers perceive road suicides as an occupational risk in their profession. We discuss possible preventive measures against suicide attempts by crashing into a heavy vehicle. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Traffic Injury Prevention is the property of Taylor & Francis Ltd and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Rafael, R. d. M. R. and A. T. M. S. d. Moura (2010). "Barriers to implementation of cervical cancer screening: a household survey in the coverage area of the Family Health Program in Nova Iguaçu, Rio de Janeiro State, Brazil. / Barreiras na realização da colpocitologia oncótica: um inquérito domiciliar na área de abrangência da Saúde da Família de Nova IguaçU, Rio de Janeiro, Brasil." Cadernos de Saúde Pública 26(5): 1045-1050.
	The aim of this study was to analyze barriers to access to cervical cancer screening under the Family Health Program in Nova Iguacu, Rio de Janeiro State, Brazil. Through a household survey, we interviewed 281 women 20 to 59 years of age. To assess barriers to the Pap smear, a Portuguese version of the Champion's Health Belief Model Scale was used. Fear related to the test results (39.85%, 95% CI: 34.09-45.61) and the professional examiner (31.31%, 95% CI: 25.86-36.77), shame (39.85%, 95% CI: 34.09-45.61), and forgetting to schedule the test (32.02%, 95% CI: 26.53-37.51) were reported as the main barriers to access. Since the constraints varied according to the population's socio-demographic characteristics, organization of cervical cancer screening should be tailored accordingly.

Rahman, M. A., et al. (2014). "Contraceptive practice of married women: experience from a rural community of Bangladesh." Journal of Medicine 15(1): 9-13.
	Background: Bangladesh is a country having high density of population in the world. Its fertility rate ranges from 4.1 to 5.49. This study was conducted to investigate socio-demographic characteristics, type of used contraceptive method, reasons for non use of contraceptive methods and also the side effects due to use of contraceptive method among the married women in some villages of Keranigonj Upazila, Dhaka. Material and Methods: This descriptive cross sectional survey was carried out among 240 married women of reproductive age from July to December, 2012 in some villages of Keranigonj, Upazila, Dhaka. Results: The mean age of the study population was 29±6.5 years with the mean age at marriage of 17.18±2.7 years. 73(31%) were practicing some methods of contraception, while 167 (69%) were not using it. OCP (Oral Contraceptive Pill) was the commonest method of contraception followed by Condoms 12(5%), Injectable 12(5%), Implant 12(5%) & Tubectomy 6(3%). None was found using IUCD and Traditional method (withdrawal, rhythm method) and emergency contraceptive method. The use of contraceptives were more common in grand multipara (p&lt;0.01), &gt;35 years old ladies (p&lt;0.05). No statistical association was found between the use of contraceptive method and educational status of the respondents and their husband. Non users of contraceptives in this study were 167 (69%) and the major reasons for the non use were intention to have more children 53(31.46%) followed by pressure from the husband 21(12.35%), prohibition by the religion 18 (10.9%) and desire for son 17 (10.11%). Among the 73 contraceptive users 38 (52%) experienced side effects with the use of contraceptives. The commonest side effects were menstrual irregularities 17(23.8%) followed by change in body weight 8(11.19%). Conclusion: Frequency of contraceptive use was found comparatively low among rural married women despite high level of awareness. Desire for larger family, religious concerns and fear of side effects were the main factors responsible for non users. Religious scholars must play their role in clarifying many aspects regarding contraceptives.

Ramakrishnan, L. V., et al. (2017). "Profile of mass casualties of animal bite cases reported to a tertiary care institution from April 2014 to March 2015 in North Kerala: India." International Journal of Medicine and Public Health 7(1): 33-36.
	Background: Animal bite is an emerging Public health problem causing injuries and even death. Increase incidences of dog bite have been reported from the Indian state of Kerala from last two years and there have been several instances of a single animal biting several victims at the same area. The preventive clinic of Calicut Medical College is a referral centre for the management of animal bite cases in North Kerala. Incidents of mass casualties are a source of panic and alarm among public. The present study analyses these incidents of mass casualties of animal bites studying the epidemiological profile of animals involved. Considering the paucity of studies in this area the information obtained from the present study may help in mapping risk areas and to take necessary control measures. Objectives: To find out the epidemiological and clinical profile of mass casualty due to animal bites reported to the institution. Methodology: Record based cross sectional study design. Review of the mass casualty register maintained at the Preventive Clinic. Details of animal bite cases treated in the clinic from 2014 April to 2015 March were collected. Sociodemographic characteristics, clinical profile and management details were analyzed. Results: A total of 7072 animal bite cases reported to the preventive clinic during the study period. Of this, there were 54 incidents of mass casualty involving 236 patients were registered to receive treatment in the clinic. Majority were males (53%). Adults (79.2%) were commonly effected than children (20.8%). Median age was found to be 36 yrs. Exposure to dogs constituted 77.1% of cases, followed by fox (11.9%). All were category 3 wounds and were given anti rabies vaccine, anti rabies immunoglobulin and antibiotics. Conclusion: There were 54 incidents of animal bite mass causalities involving 236 people. Dogs were the commonest animal causing mass casualty. Control of stray dog population by animal birth control needed.

Ramesh, M. and Iswarya (2017). "A comparative study on rabies prophylaxis in anti-rabies clinic between a secondary and tertiary care hospital in Bengaluru city." Journal of Communicable Diseases 49(2): 1-5.
	Rabies can be prevented by appropriate post-exposure prophylaxis (PEP). It is assumed that the healthcare providers starting in tertiary care, secondary care and primary care are up-to-date in administration of PEP. However, due to reasons like non-affordability and non-availability of rabies immunobiologicals, manpower shortage, etc., there are issues in administration of PEP. The primary objective of this study was to compare rabies post-exposure prophylaxis in ARC in a secondary care and tertiary care hospital. This prospective comparative study was conducted from March to May 2016 in anti-rabies clinic of one tertiary and secondary care hospital selected through purposive sampling. The animal bite cases attending these clinics during study period were the subjects. Only 21.5% of category-III bites were administered rabies immunoglobulin in secondary care hospital whereas 96% of category-III bites were administered rabies immunoglobulin in the tertiary care hospital. 100% and 89% of subjects were administered anti-rabies vaccine in the secondary care and tertiary care hospital respectively. The median age of subjects in secondary care was 22 years (range: 1-75 years) and tertiary care 8 years (range: 2-70 years). 54% and 63% of bite victims were males in secondary and tertiary care hospital respectively. Majority were students by occupation in both hospitals. Rabies prophylaxis was satisfactory in the tertiary care hospital compared to secondary hospital.

Ramirez, M., et al. (2012). "Youth violence across multiple dimensions: a study of violence, absenteeism, and suspensions among middle school children." Journal of Pediatrics 161(3): 542-546.e542.
	Objective: To determine how multidimensional measures of violence correlate with school absenteeism and suspensions among middle school youth. Study design: A cross-sectional survey was conducted in 2004 with 28 882 sixth graders from an urban school district. Data were collected on role (witness, victim, perpetrator) and mode (verbal, physical, weapons) of past-year violence exposures, and absences and suspensions over 1 academic year. Associations between violence and absenteeism and suspension were estimated using generalized linear models. Results: ORs for suspension increased from witnessing to victimization to perpetration and then victimization-perpetration. Among those exposed to weapons, victims (ORboys=1.45; ORgirls=1.38) had similar or slightly higher ORs for absenteeism than perpetrators (ORboys=1.39; ORgirls=1.17). Boy victims and witnesses of physical violence had similar absenteeism patterns as those unexposed to physical violence. Of all exposed girls, victim-perpetrators had the highest ORs for absenteeism (OR=1.76). Conclusion: Exposure to violence correlated with absenteeism and suspension. The strength of these relationships depended on mode and role in exposure. Our cross-sectional data limits our ability to establish causality. Findings have implications for prevention.

Ranganath, B. G. (2010). "Coverage survey for assessing mass drug administration against lymphatic filariasis in Gulbarga district, Karnataka, India." Journal of Vector Borne Diseases 47(1): 61-64.
	The purpose of this survey in Gulbarga district of Karnataka, India was to assess the coverage of mass drug administration (MDA) of single dose diethylcarbamazine (DEC) and albendazole during 2008 and to recommend mid-course corrections. This evaluation survey was conducted one week after the MDA campaign over a period of 5 days. Of the 11 talukas excluding Gulbarga urban taluka, three were selected for the survey, namely Gulbarga rural, Chincholi and Chitapur. One primary health centre (PHC) was selected from each taluka randomly. One subcentre was selected from each PHC area and one village selected from it randomly. Of the 11 health centre areas in the Gulbarga City Corporation limits, one was selected randomly with an eligible population of 38 640. Parents or caregivers answered for young children. The questions included whether the person received the dose or not and the reasons for not having received it and for not consuming, if received. The coverage survey captured data on a sample of 150 individuals from each cluster. In the analysis, the numerator used for coverage is the total number of people who responded that they had consumed the dose during the recent MDA and the denominator is the total number of people for whom the data were available. Data were collected from 602 persons (341 females and 261 males). About 85% of the surveyed people had received the drugs from the drug distributors. The surveyed coverage for DEC (consumed all the distributed DEC tablets) was 32.7% [95% confidence interval (CI) 29.4-35.9%]. The surveyed coverage for DEC consumed partially was 28.4% (27.3-32.1%), for DEC consumed both partially and completely was 61.1% (57.1-65.1%), for albendazole 44% (39.9-48%) and for both DEC and albendazole consumption was 26.6% (22.9-30.1%). The most important reason for not taking DEC was that it was not distributed among 90 (38.5%) of them. About 53 (22.6%) of them did not consume it because the drug distributor had left behind the drugs with other household members in their absence. They could not ingest the drugs as they were not informed about it by other household members or the information on the dose was forgotten by them. Data suggest that drug distributors are incorrectly reporting on the ingestion of the drugs. There is an urgent need to revitalize the programme implementation. Corrective actions must be taken to improve the skill and motivation of the drug distributors by better training and supervision. The drug distributors must ensure that the drugs are swallowed in their presence (directly-observed treatment). Mopping-up activities must be undertaken by them in the households where there are absentees on the campaign day. The programme managers must ensure proper supply of drugs in the stipulated time. There must be supervision and monitoring activities by the implementing unit team managers (medical officers). Finally, adequate communication efforts should be undertaken in the community to allay the fear of side effects of drugs used in the MDA campaign.

Ranney, M. L., et al. (2012). "Predictors of Being Unsafe: Participation in the Behavioral Risk Factor Surveillance System 2006 Intimate Partner Violence Module." Journal of interpersonal violence 27(1): 84-102.
	A common reason for not participating in intimate partner violence (IPV) research is thought to be fear for one’s safety. However, little is known about those who do not participate due to safety fears. To better characterize this population, we investigated correlates of being “not safe” to answer the optional IPV module in the 2006 Behavioral Risk Factor Surveillance Survey (BRFSS), a yearly cross-sectional telephone survey in the United States. We compared those who said they were not safe to complete the module with those who were safe and reported (+IPV) or denied (−IPV) IPV. Forward stepwise multivariate logistic regression was performed to identify significant correlates of being not-safe. Those who said they were not safe to answer IPV questions were found to have lower income, lower education levels, and were older than either +IPV or −IPV respondents. They were also more likely to be male than the +IPV group. The not-safe differ from those traditionally identified as being at greatest risk for IPV. However, the percentage of IPV victims in the not-safe group remains unknown. Greater efforts should be made to include this group in future IPV research, both to determine these groups’ true IPV risk and to avoid missing potential IPV victims. The validity, reliability, and comprehensibility of safety questions should also be assessed. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Journal of Interpersonal Violence is the property of Sage Publications Inc. and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Ransome, Y., et al. (2019). "Alcohol outlet density and area-level heavy drinking are independent risk factors for higher alcohol-related complaints." Journal of Urban Health: Bulletin of the New York Academy of Medicine 96(6): 889-901.
	Alcohol outlet density has well-documented associations with social and health indicators such as crime and injury. However, significantly less is known about the relationships among alcohol-related complaints. Bayesian hierarchical Poisson regression with spatial autocorrelation was used to model the association between on- and off-premises alcohol outlet density and area-level prevalence of current drinkers and heavy drinking, and graffiti density - an indicator of physical disorder - in association with calls from civilians reporting illegal use, alcohol sales, and other alcohol-related activities (hereafter alcohol-related complaints). Complaints were separated into two groups based on whether they occurred at (a) clubs/bars/restaurants or (b) elsewhere. Alcohol-related complaints and graffiti were collected from NYC Open Data. Alcohol density data are from ESRI Business Analyst and information on the prevalence of drinking from the New York City Community Health Survey. The unit of analysis consisted of ZIP codes in New York City (n=167), and the design was a cross-sectional analysis of aggregated data between 2009 and 2015. In multivariable models, a one-unit increase in off-premises alcohol outlet density was associated with a 47% higher risk of alcohol-related complaints at clubs, bars, and restaurants [rate ratio (RR=1.46, 95% CI=1.21, 1.77)]. Area-level prevalence of heavy drinking was associated with a 59% higher risk of alcohol-related complaints at the club, bars, and restaurants (RR=1.59, 95% CI=1.34, 1.86) and a 40% higher risk of complaints elsewhere (RR=1.40, 95% CI=1.20, 1.63). In New York City, area-level heavy drinking prevalence is a strong independent mechanism that links alcohol outlet density to alcohol-related complaints. Area-level heavy drinking should be investigated as a predictor of other public health problems such as drug overdose mortality.

Ratcliffe, J., et al. (2015). "Citizens' reactions to hot spots policing: impacts on perceptions of crime, disorder, safety and police." Journal of experimental criminology 11(3): 393-417.
	Objectives: We explore whether the use of foot patrol, problem-oriented policing and offender-focused policing at violent crime hot spots negatively impacted the community's perceptions of crime and disorder, perceived safety, satisfaction with police and their perceptions of procedural justice. Methods: We report on a repeated cross-sectional survey that was mailed before and after the deployment of concentrated police interventions in 60 small areas of Philadelphia, PA, as part of the Philadelphia Policing Tactics Experiment. Eighty-one violent crime hot spots were randomly allocated to one of three treatments (20 each), or to a control assignment (21). Impacts on the community via seven scales were analyzed using OLS models with orthogonal contrast-coded treatment variables and demographic covariates. Results: The OLS models estimating changes in the community's opinions from pre- to post-intervention uncovered no statistically significant changes on any of the dependent variables relative to control locations, irrespective of the treatment type. Even though one experimental treatment condition (offender-focused) reported statistically significant violent crime reductions, the police activity that generated the crime reduction did not noticeably change community perceptions of crime and disorder, perceived safety, satisfaction with police or procedural justice. Conclusions: As implemented in Philadelphia, none of the policing tactics had measurable changes in resident perception within the communities that were targeted. The results do not support the suggestion that hot spots policing negatively impacts the community. At the same time, no positive benefits were generated. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Journal of Experimental Criminology is the property of Springer Nature and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Ravazzini, L. and F. Chavez-Juarez (2018). "Which Inequality Makes People Dissatisfied with Their Lives? Evidence of the Link between Life Satisfaction and Inequalities." Social Indicators Research 137(3): 1119-1143.
	This paper aims at establishing a clear link between different types of inequality and life satisfaction in Europe. We analyse the relationship between life satisfaction and both income inequality and inequality of opportunity using seven waves of the European Social Survey. The results show that in Europe both income inequality and inequality of opportunity reduce people's life satisfaction. Our main results suggest that all socio-economic groups are dissatisfied with income inequality, whereas primarily low socio-economic individuals worry about inequality of opportunity. We find that expected mobility is very important in explaining the link between inequality and life satisfaction for all socio-economic groups in Europe. We advance the hypothesis that life satisfaction is conditioned by a mix of normative arguments against inequality and by the fear/possibility to lose/gain a good social position. This result complements findings on the mediating role of social mobility in the relationship with subjective well-being.

Raymond, J., et al. (2011). "How far have we come with trace DNA since 2004? The Australian and New Zealand experience." Australian Journal of Forensic Sciences 43(4): 231-244.
	In 2004, a survey was sent to forensic organisations in every jurisdiction in Australia and New Zealand, benchmarking practices in relation to trace DNA analysis. Concerning issues were identified such as a lack of standard training protocols, little ongoing training or proficiency testing, and poor information gathering and sharing. To assess the changes occurring in the five years since this survey, a follow-up was devised and distributed to the same organisations in early 2009. Seventy-seven surveys were received from persons active in the field of trace DNA including crime scene and laboratory personnel, and managers. The major difference noted between the two surveys was the implementation of new technologies, primarily robotic automation and subsequent changes in extraction methodology. Disappointingly, training, research and proficiency test levels were still found to be lacking, a concern given the findings of recent international forensic reviews. A major deficiency still noted from the 2004 survey was the absence of effective data management systems, indicating that the wider intelligence-led application of this evidence is not fully utilised. Reviewing the methods and processes of the dissemination of forensic data in the policing environment has the potential to broaden its application to crime prevention strategies. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Australian Journal of Forensic Sciences is the property of Taylor & Francis Ltd and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Razzaque, R. and L. Wood (2015). "Open Dialogue and its Relevance to the NHS: Opinions of NHS Staff and Service Users." Community Mental Health Journal 51(8): 931-938.
	Open Dialogue is a model of mental health services that originated in Finland and has since, been taken up in trial teams worldwide. As this is a relatively unknown approach in the UK, it is important to tentatively explore perspectives of NHS staff and service-users. Sixty-one Open Dialogue conference attendees, both staff and service-users, were recruited for this study. A feedback questionnaire was administered to determine the extent to which they believed the key tenets of Open Dialogue were important to service user care, and the extent to which they existed within current NHS services. Analysis of data demonstrated a strong consensus on the importance of the key principles of Open Dialogue for mental health care and also moderate disagreement that these principles exist within current NHS service provision. The Open Dialogue principles may offer a useful framework in order to develop services in a clinically meaningful way.

Read, R. and L. A. Fenge (2019). "What does Brexit mean for the UK social care workforce? Perspectives from the recruitment and retention frontline." Health and Social Care in the Community 27(3): 676-682.
	The UK's departure from the European Union (Brexit) is likely to result in greater immigration and employment restrictions on European Union/European Economic Area (EU/EEA) nationals within the United Kingdom. EU/EEA citizens constitute a significant proportion of the current social care workforce. Research evaluating the impact of Brexit on social care has highlighted potentially severe future workforce shortfalls, but has not engaged in detail with the experiences of social care personnel involved in day-to-day recruitment and retention activities. This article explores how social care managers evaluate Brexit's prospects for future workforce sustainability, through the prism of their organisation's workforce requirements. This qualitative study incorporated in-depth semi-structured interviews and questionnaire surveys with domiciliary and residential care managers. Data collection focused on an urban conurbation in south-west England, with demographic characteristics likely to make post-Brexit recruitment and retention in social care particularly challenging. A key finding is that, irrespective of whether they employ EU/EEA workers or not, research participants have deep concerns about Brexit's potential impact on the social care labour market. These include apprehensions about future restrictions on hiring EU/EEA nurses, as well as fears about increased competition for care staff and their organisation's future financial viability. This article amplifies the voices of managers as an under-researched group, bringing their perspectives on Brexit to bear on wider debates on social care workforce sustainability.

Reavley, N. J., et al. (2017). "Discrimination and positive treatment toward people with mental health problems in workplace and education settings: Findings from an Australian National Survey." Stigma and Health 2(4): 254-265.
	The aim of the study was to carry out a national population-based survey in order to estimate the prevalence and explore the nature of experiences of work and education-related avoidance, discrimination and positive treatment in people with mental health problems. In 2014, telephone interviews were carried out with 5,220 Australians aged 18+, 1,381 of whom reported a mental health problem or scored highly on a screening questionnaire. Questions covered work- and education-related avoidance, discrimination and positive treatment. The results showed that those in work or in education reported higher levels of positive treatment than discrimination or avoidance, whereas people looking for work experienced higher levels of discrimination than positive treatment. The most common types of discrimination included dismissive treatment or lack of understanding of the illness, being forced to change responsibilities or denied opportunities at work, and not being given leniency or special consideration in education. Among those reporting discrimination when looking for work, 51.4% said that they had not been hired because of their mental health problems, and 10.8% focused on anticipated discrimination and mentioned not disclosing their mental health problems during the recruitment process for fear that doing so would have resulted in a negative reaction from prospective employers. The results can provide input into the design of antidiscrimination interventions, particularly for people with mental health problems who are looking for work. This may include supporting people with mental illness to overcome anticipated discrimination and education of employers to support stigma reduction. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2017 APA, all rights reserved)

Reep-van den Bergh, C. M. M. and M. Junger (2018). "Victims of cybercrime in Europe: a review of victim surveys." Crime Science 7(1): 1-15.
	Objectives: Review the evidence provided by victim surveys in order to provide a rough estimate of the personal crime prevalence of the main types of cybercrime.Methods: We performed a search in databases, searched online, and contacted several Offices for National Statistics in Europe and selected surveys that provided information about individual victims of crime which were representative for a general population. Six types of cybercrime have been distinguished, namely online shopping fraud, online fraud banking/payment, other cyber fraud (such as advanced fee fraud), cyber threats/harassment, malware, and hacking. For every survey the questions on cybercrime are presented and the crime prevalence estimates are compared.Results: Nine surveys were included. Annual crime prevalence rates ranged from 1 to 3% for online shopping fraud, from less than 1 to 2% for online banking/payment fraud. Less than 1% of the population is a victim of other types of fraud and a maximum of 3% of the population experiences some sort of online bullying such as stalking (1%) or threatening (1%). 1-6% is a victim of hacking. The estimates for being a victim of malware range from 2 to 15%. For all offences it cannot be estimated how much of the differences are due to variation in methods and questioning between the studies or real differences between countries or change over time.Conclusions: As yet there have been very few well performed randomised sampled studies on cybercrime amongst the general population. Cybercrime prevalence (and its trend) can only be well measured if the questions are frequently updated and adequately address new aspects of cybercrime. To adequately monitor cybercrime in the future it is advisable to develop some fairly abstract main categories that are of durable validity, whilst allowing for up-to-date illustrations. Furthermore, ideally the questioning in the ongoing surveys in the different countries should be standardised and there should be a uniform categorisation of the different cyber offences. A screening question in order to permit more accurate dating is essential to reduce telescoping bias. Surveys should ask about the impact on or damage to the victims. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Crime Science is the property of Springer Nature and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Rees, S., et al. (2013). "Intermittent explosive disorder amongst women in conflict affected Timor-Leste: associations with human rights trauma, ongoing violence, poverty, and injustice." PLoS ONE 8(8): e69207-e69207.
	Introduction: Women in conflict-affected countries are at risk of mental disorders such as posttraumatic stress disorder and depression. No studies have investigated the association between experiences of abuse and injustice and explosive anger amongst women in these settings, and the impact of anger on women's health, family relationships and ability to participate in development. Methods: A mixed methods study including an epidemiological survey (n=1513, 92.6% response) and qualitative interviews (n=77) was conducted in Timor-Leste. The indices measured included Intermittent Explosive Disorder, posttraumatic stress disorder; severe distress; days out of role (the number of days that the person was unable to undertake normal activities); gender-specific trauma; conflict/violence; poverty; and preoccupations with injustice. Results: Women with Intermittent Explosive Disorder (n=184, 12.2%) were more disabled than those without the disorder (for &gt;5 days out of role, 40.8% versus 31.5%, X2(2)=12.93 p=0.0016). Multivariable associations with Intermittent Explosive Disorder, controlling for the presence of PTSD, psychological distress and other predictors in the model, included the sense of being sick (OR 1.73; 95% CI 1.08-2.77); victimization as a result of helping the resistance movement (OR 2.33, 95% CI 1.48-3.68); war-related trauma specific to being a woman (OR 1.95, 95%, CI 1.09-3.50); ongoing family violence and community conflict (OR 1.88, 95% CI 1.27-2.77); extreme poverty (OR 1.23, 95%, CI 1.08-1.39); and distressing preoccupations with injustice (relating to 2/3 historical periods, OR 2.10, 95% CI 1.35-3.28). In the qualitative study, women elaborated on the determinants of anger and its impact on their health, family and community functioning, child-rearing, and capacity to engage in development. Women reflected on the strategies that might help them overcome their anger. Conclusions: Intermittent Explosive Disorder is prevalent and disabling amongst women in conflict-affected Timor-Leste, impacting on their health, child-rearing and ability to participate fully in socio-economic development.

Régnier-Loilier, A. and D. Vignoli (2018). "The diverse nature of living apart together relationships: an Italy–France comparison." Journal of Population Research 35(1): 1-22.
	This paper contributes to the ongoing debate on the nature of living apart together (LAT) relationships by focusing on two contrasting family settings: France and Italy. First, we corroborate the view that being “single” in residential terms does not mean being “without a partner” in relationship terms. To assume otherwise would be an erroneous characterisation of more than one quarter of the individuals in both countries. Second, our findings cannot be reconciled with any notion of a simple, uniform, and uni-directional view of LAT relationships. In Italy, LAT relationships are popular in the early phases of the life course, when young adults must often face difficult economic situations as well as social pressure to marry. In France, LAT relationships are more the result of a conscious choice, especially in later phases of the life course. We discuss these results in light of the second demographic transition narrative.

Reidy, D. E., et al. (2016). "In search of teen dating violence typologies." Journal of Adolescent Health 58(2): 202-207.
	Purpose: The goal of the present research was to identify distinct latent classes of adolescents that commit teen dating violence (TDV) and assess differences on demographic, behavioral, and attitudinal correlates. Methods: Boys and girls (N=1,149; Mage=14.3; Grades 6-12) with a history of violence exposure completed surveys assessing six indices of TDV in the preceding 3 months. Indices of TDV included controlling behaviors, psychological TDV, physical TDV, sexual TDV, fear/intimidation, and injury. In addition, adolescents provided demographic and dating history information and completed surveys assessing attitudes condoning violence, relationship skills and knowledge, and reactive/proactive aggression. Results: Latent class analysis indicated a three-class solution wherein the largest class of students was nonviolent on all indices ("nonaggressors") and the smallest class of students demonstrated high probability of nearly all indices of TDV ("multiform aggressors"). In addition, a third class of "emotional aggressors" existed for which there was a high probability of controlling and psychological TDV but low likelihood of any other form of TDV. Multiform aggressors were differentiated from emotional and nonaggressors on the use of self-defense in dating relationships, attitudes condoning violence, and proactive aggression. Emotional aggressors were distinguished from nonaggressors on nearly all measured covariates. Conclusions: Evidence indicates that different subgroups of adolescents engaging in TDV exist. In particular, a small group of youth engaging in multiple forms of TDV can be distinguished from a larger group of youth that commit acts of TDV restricted to emotional aggression (i.e., controlling and psychological) and most youth that do not engage in TDV.

Reidy, D. E., et al. (2016). "Behavioral and mental health correlates of youth stalking victimization: a latent class approach." American Journal of Preventive Medicine 51(6): 1007-1014.
	Introduction: Although recognized as a public health problem, little attention has been paid to the problem of stalking among youth. Latent profile analysis was used to identify latent groups of adolescent stalking victims and their behavioral and mental health correlates. Methods: A cross-sectional sample of 1,236 youths were randomly selected from 13 schools stratified by community risk level (i.e., low, moderate, and high risk) and gender. Students completed surveys assessing behavioral indicators of stalking victimization, as well as substance use, sexual behavior, dating violence, and psychiatric symptoms. Data were collected in 2013 and data analyses were performed in 2015. Results: Analysis indicated the presence of a non-victim class, a minimal exposure class, and a victim class for boys and girls alike. Approximately 14% of girls and 13% of boys were in the stalking victim class. Adolescents in the victim class reported more symptoms of post-traumatic stress, mood disorder, and hopelessness, as well as more instances of alcohol use, binge drinking, and physical dating violence victimization. Girls in the victim class also reported engaging in sexting behaviors and oral sex with significantly more partners than their non-victim peers. Conclusions: These findings provide valuable knowledge of the prevalence and pertinent health correlates of stalking victimization in adolescence. The data suggest a substantial proportion of adolescents are victims of stalking and are likewise at risk for a number of deleterious health outcomes. As such, this population merits further attention by prevention researchers and practitioners.

Rekha, T., et al. (2015). "Clinico-epidemiological profile of snakebite cases admitted in a Tertiary Care Centre in South India: a 5 years study." Toxicology International 22(1): 66-70.
	Objectives: This study was conducted to assess the clinic-epidemiological profile of snakebite cases admitted at a Tertiary Care Centre in South India. Materials and Methods: A record based retrospective study was carried out at Kasturbha Medical College affiliated hospitals in Mangalore. All the snakebite cases admitted to the hospitals from January 2007 to December 2011 were included in the study. Data were collected using a pretested semi-structured questionnaire and analyzed using Statistical Package for Social Sciences (SPSS version 11.5). The results are expressed as percentages. Results: The study included 198 cases of snakebite victims. The majority of the cases were males (68.2%). The mean age of the study population was 34.8 years. Maximum numbers of snakebite cases were reported during the month of September to December (47.9%). The peak time of snakebite was between 18.01 and 24.00 h which was reported in 40.5% of the cases. Lower extremities were the most common site of bite in more than three-fourth of the cases (80.9%). The most common symptoms were a pain (45.9%) and swelling (44.9%). The case fatality rate was observed to be 3.0%. Conclusion: Snakebite still remains a major public health problem in this part of the world. Knowledge must be imparted regarding the prevention of snakebites through community health programs. Messages regarding prompt reporting of such cases and importance of effective treatment must be disseminated among people through mass media and role plays.

Rennison, C., et al. (2011). "Weapon Lethality and Social Distance: A National Test of a Social Structural Theory." JQ: Justice Quarterly 28(4): 576-605.
	Three paradigms can be used to explain weapon lethality: rational choice and deterrence theory; social learning and cultural theory; and opportunity and prevalence theory. Each makes distinct predictions regarding the economic, psychological, and environmental factors that affect the use of weapons. Despite their merits, the sum of knowledge about violence and weapons may be increased by exploring the influence of variables derived from another paradigm: pure sociology. Black's theory of retaliation and Cooney's principle of predation provide the underpinning for a social structural-based theoretical principle of weapon lethality. Building on those ideas, we propose that the lethality of weapons involved in interpersonal violence increases as the offenders and victims become less intimate and less alike culturally. Using National Crime Victimization Survey data, we test two hypotheses derived from this principle and primarily find support of the proposed social structural principle. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of JQ: Justice Quarterly is the property of Routledge and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Rennison, C. M. (2009). "A New Look at the Gender Gap in Offending." Women & Criminal Justice 19(3): 171-190.
	A consistent research finding is that males commit more crime than females—a phenomenon known as the gender gap in offending. Recently it has been reported that this gap in violent offending has narrowed. What is unclear is whether the reported convergence in offending is an accurate reflection of changes in violent offending or an artifact of the data used: official records and self-report offending data. An additional lack of clarity is whether the reported convergence remains once the race and age of offenders are accounted for. This study used an alternative source of data—victimization data—to address 2 fundamental questions: Has the gender gap in violent crime offending changed over time? And has the gender gap changed once the offender's race and age are accounted for? Examining 18 disaggregated offender groups from the 1992 to 2001 National Crime Victimization Survey, this study demonstrates virtually no change in the violent crime gender gap over time. Results clearly point to gender stability regardless of the age or race of the offender. In those rare instances where change was measured, it was in the form of gender convergence resulting from a decline in male violent offending rates that exceeded the decline in female offending rates. The findings highlight the importance of accounting for offenders' race and age to avoid overgeneralized and possibly misleading conclusions. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Women & Criminal Justice is the property of Taylor & Francis Ltd and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Rennison, C. M., et al. (2013). "Intimate Relationship Status Variations in Violence Against Women: Urban, Suburban, and Rural Differences." Violence against women 19(11): 1312-1330.
	Woman abuse varies across intimate relationship categories (e.g., marriage, divorce, separation). However, it is unclear whether relationship status variations in violence against women differ across urban, suburban, and rural areas. We test the hypothesis that rural females, regardless of their intimate partner relationship status, are at higher risk of intimate violence than their urban and suburban counterparts. Results indicate that marital status is an important aspect of the relationship between intimate victimization and geographic area and that rural divorced and separated females are victimized at rates exceeding their urban counterparts. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Violence Against Women is the property of Sage Publications Inc. and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Rennison, C. M., et al. (2016). "Victim Injury and Social Distance: A National Test of a General Principle of Conflict." Violence & Victims 31(4): 726-750.
	Our inquiry focuses on why some violent offenses but not others result in injury to the victim. Building on existing theory nested in the paradigm of pure sociology, we propose and test a general principle of conflict: Victim injury varies directly with social distance. This principle predicts that offenders are more likely to harm victims with whom they are less well acquainted and less similar culturally. We test three hypotheses derived from this principle with data from the National Crime Victimization Survey and find little support for the theory. Rather, findings suggest exactly the opposite of that predicted: As social distance between offender and victim increases, the odds of victim injury decreases. Recommendations of additional research are made. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Violence & Victims is the property of Springer Publishing Company, Inc. and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Rennison, C. M., et al. (2011). "Weapon Lethality and Social Distance: A National Test of a Social Structural Theory." Justice Quarterly 28(4): 576-605.
	Three paradigms can be used to explain weapon lethality: rational choice and deterrence theory; social learning and cultural theory; and opportunity and prevalence theory. Each makes distinct predictions regarding the economic, psychological, and environmental factors that affect the use of weapons. Despite their merits, the sum of knowledge about violence and weapons may be increased by exploring the influence of variables derived from another paradigm: pure sociology. Black's theory of retaliation and Cooney's principle of predation provide the underpinning for a social structural-based theoretical principle of weapon lethality. Building on those ideas, we propose that the lethality of weapons involved in interpersonal violence increases as the offenders and victims become less intimate and less alike culturally. Using National Crime Victimization Survey data, we test two hypotheses derived from this principle and primarily find support of the proposed social structural principle. Adapted from the source document.

Rennison, C. M. and C. Melde (2009). "Exploring the Use of Victim Surveys to Study Gang Crime: Prospects and Possibilities." Criminal Justice Review (Sage Publications) 34(4): 489-514.
	There has long been debate on the appropriate method to collect valid and reliable data on gang member involvement in crime and delinquency. In general, research in this area is based on data from self-report surveys, qualitative field work, and official reports which have well-documented limitations. Given these limitations, triangulation of methods is important to fully understand the unique contribution of gang members to the problem of crime and delinquency. This article proposes an additional data source to study gang violence and enhance triangulation: The National Crime Victimization Survey (NCVS), which added a measure of the victim's perception of the offender's gang status in 1992. We highlight the advantages and disadvantages of using the NCVS for gang violence research and present a comparison of victimizations reportedly committed by gang and nongang perpetrators across situational, offender, and victim characteristics. Findings demonstrate promise for the use of victimization data in future gang research. Like Egley, Maxson, Miller, and Klein, we encourage the use of a ''pluralistic approach'' for the study of gangs and suggest that victimization data such as the NCVS be used to provide greater insight into gang crime. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Criminal Justice Review (Sage Publications) is the property of Sage Publications Inc. and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Ribeiro, L. (2018). "Polícia Militar é lugar de mulher?" Estudos Feministas 26(1).
	In this paper, we analyze the perceptions of Brazilian military police forces regarding the woman’s place in these corporations. To achieve this aim, we scrutinized the data gathered through a survey answered by 5,741 military police officers, from both sexes, in February 2015. We paid special attention to the visions that those professionals have regarding the service that they have to deliver, since it is interpreted as masculine in essence. The results indicate that the symbolic obstacles towards gender equality are more than visible in the police routine.Alternate abstract:Neste artigo, analisamos as percepções de policiais militares (masculinos e femininos) sobre o lugar da mulher na Corporação. Para tanto, são escrutinados os dados resultantes de um survey on-line respondido por 5.741 policiais militares, de ambos os sexos, em fevereiro de 2015. O nosso olhar recaiu sobre as relações de poder e gênero que se estabelecem tanto no momento do concurso como no exercício da atividade profissional, com especial destaque para o assédio moral e sexual. Os resultados indicam que os obstáculos simbólicos à igualdade de gênero estão muito presentes no cotidiano policial.

Riccio, V., et al. (2013). "Community policing in the Favelas of Rio de Janeiro." Police Practice & Research 14(4): 308-318.
	This article evaluates the adoption of a new model for community policing in two communities in Rio de Janeiro. They were initially dominated by heavily armed criminal gangs that challenged the hegemony of the Brazilian state. A version of community policing was introduced in these two poor areas. Its principal feature was a commitment to delivering honest, professional, and respectful policing; other initiatives commonly associated with community policing in the northern hemisphere would have to come later. The questions addressed here were whether the police could actually mount such a program, and if they could respond effectively to crime and disorder while avoiding abusive conduct. Six hundred residents of the study communities were surveyed regarding the program and their concerns about crime and police misconduct. The survey found widespread support for the initial intervention by Rio de Janeiro’s police, which aimed at damping the presence of armed criminal gangs and reducing omnipresent fear of crime. The findings suggest that it is possible for police to improve the quality of life and reduce concern about crime in one of the most difficult urban environments in the Americas. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Police Practice & Research is the property of Routledge and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Rice, E., et al. (2015). "Cyberbullying perpetration and victimization among middle-school students." American journal of public health 105(3): e66-e72.
	Objectives. We examined correlations between gender, race, sexual identity, and technology use, and patterns of cyberbullying experiences and behaviors among middle-school students. Methods. We collected a probability sample of 1285 students alongside the 2012 Youth Risk Behavior Survey in Los Angeles Unified School District middle schools. We used logistic regressions to assess the correlates of being a cyberbully perpetrator, victim, and perpetrator-victim (i.e., bidirectional cyberbullying behavior). Results. In this sample, 6.6% reported being a cyberbully victim, 5.0% reported being a perpetrator, and 4.3% reported being a perpetrator-victim. Cyberbullying behavior frequently occurred on Facebook or via text messaging. Cyberbully perpetrators, victims, and perpetrators-victims all were more likely to report using the Internet for at least 3 hours per day. Sexual-minority students and students who texted at least 50 times per day were more likely to report cyberbullying victimization. Girls were more likely to report being perpetrators-victims. Conclusions. Cyberbullying interventions should account for gender and sexual identity, as well as the possible benefits of educational interventions for intensive Internet users and frequent texters.

Rickard, L. N. (2014). "Perception of risk and the attribution of responsibility for accidents." Risk Analysis 34(3): 514-528.
	Accidents, one often hears, "happen"; we accept, and even expect, that they will be part of daily life. But in situations in which injury or death result, judgments of responsibility become critical. How might our perceptions of risk influence the ways in which we allocate responsibility for an accident? Drawing from attribution and risk perception theory, this study investigates how perceived controllability and desirability of risk, in addition to perceived danger and recreational risk-taking, relate to attributions of responsibility for the cause of unintentional injury in a unique setting: U.S. national parks. Three parks, Mount Rainier, Olympic, and Delaware Water Gap, provide the setting for this survey-based study, which considers how park visitors (N=447) attribute responsibility for the cause of a hypothetical visitor accident. Results suggest that respondents tended to make more internal (i.e., related to characteristics of the victim), rather than external (i.e., related to characteristics of the park, or park management) attributions. As respondents viewed park-related risk as controllable, they were more likely to attribute the cause of the accident to the victim. Moreover, among other significant variables, having experienced a similar accident predicted lower internal causal attribution. Opportunities for future research linking risk perception and attribution variables, as well as practical implications for the management of public outdoor settings, are presented.

Rickard, L. N. and S. B. Newman (2014). "Accidents and accountability: perceptions of unintentional injury in three national parks." Leisure Sciences 36(1): 88-106.
	Each year, national park visitors suffer unintentional injuries and fatalities that affect not only the victims but also the National Park Service (NPS) staff tasked with preventing and responding to such incidents. Using survey data from three national parks, this study examines differences in visitors' and park employees' causal attributions of a hypothetical visitor accident. We argue that differences in attributions suggest that support for risk management strategies may not be universal, and that communication strategies applied in national parks can be informed by these differences.

Ridwanur, R., et al. (2010). "Annual incidence of snake bite in rural Bangladesh." PLoS Neglected Tropical Diseases 4(10): e860-e860.
	Background: Snake bite is a neglected public health problem in the world and one of the major causes of mortality and morbidity in many areas, particularly in the rural tropics. It also poses substantial economic burdens on the snake bite victims due to treatment related expenditure and loss of productivity. An accurate estimate of the risk of snake bite is largely unknown for most countries in the developing world, especially South-East Asia. Methodology/Principal Findings: We undertook a national epidemiological survey to determine the annual incidence density of snake bite among the rural Bangladeshi population. Information on frequency of snake bite and individuals' length of stay in selected households over the preceding twelve months was rigorously collected from the respondents through an interviewer administered questionnaire. Point estimates and confidence intervals of the incidence density of snake bite, weighted and adjusted for the multi-stage cluster sampling design, were obtained. Out of 18,857 study participants, over one year a total of 98 snake bites, including one death were reported in rural Bangladesh. The estimated incidence density of snake bite is 623.4/100,000 person years (95% C I 513.4-789.2/100,000 person years). Biting occurs mostly when individuals are at work. The majority of the victims (71%) receive snake bites to their lower extremities. Eighty-six percent of the victims received some form of management within two hours of snake bite, although only three percent of the victims went directly to either a medical doctor or a hospital. Conclusions/Significance: Incidence density of snake bite in rural Bangladesh is substantially higher than previously estimated. This is likely due to better ascertainment of the incidence through a population based survey. Poor access to health services increases snake bite related morbidity and mortality; therefore, effective public health actions are warranted.

Rijnders, M., et al. (2010). "Prevalence, outcome, and women's experiences of external cephalic version in a low-risk population." Birth 37(2): 124-133.
	Background: Until recently, external cephalic version to prevent breech presentation at birth was not widely accepted. The objective of our study was to assess the prevalence, outcomes, and women's experiences of external cephalic version to improve the implementation of the procedure in the Netherlands. Methods: A prospective cohort study was conducted of 167 women under the care of a midwife with confirmed breech presentation at a gestational age of 33 completed weeks or more. Results: Between June 2007 and January 2008, 167 women with a confirmed breech presentation were offered an external cephalic version. Of this group, 123 women (73.7%, 95% CI: 65.5-80.5) subsequently received the version. These women had about a ninefold increased probability of a cephalic presentation at birth compared with women who did not undergo a version (relative risk [RR]: 8.8, 95% CI: 2.2-34.8). The chance of a vaginal birth after an external cephalic version was almost threefold (RR: 2.7, 95% CI: 1.5-5.0). The success rate was 39 percent, although considerable differences existed associated with region and parity. Ninety-four percent of women with a successful version rated it as a good experience compared with 71 percent of women who had a failed version (p=0.015). Significant pain during the version was experienced by 34 percent of women, of whom 18 percent also experienced fear during the version, compared with no women who reported little or no pain (p=0.006). Women who reported significant pain or fear during the version experienced the version more negatively (OR: 6.0, 95% CI: 3.3-12.2 and OR: 2.7, 95% CI: 1.1-6.0, respectively). Conclusions: One in every four women with a breech presentation in independent midwifery care did not receive an external cephalic version. Of the women who received a version one third experienced significant pain during the procedure. Considerable regional variation in success rate existed.

Rinehart, J. K. and E. A. Yeater (2011). "A Qualitative Analysis of Sexual Victimization Narratives." Violence against women 17(7): 925-943.
	The current study examined qualitatively 78 sexual victimization narratives to (a) investigate variability within Sexual Experiences Survey (SES) categories to determine whether these events shared contextual features, (b) investigate variability between SES categories to determine whether these events were contextually distinct, and (c) identify emerging contextual features of victimization experiences. Results revealed considerable variation in both within- and between-SES severity categories. Qualitative analysis also identified several emerging contextual features of victimization narratives, such as the after-party situation. Findings suggest that qualitative research may expose contextual variability in sexual victimization experiences not currently captured by quantitative measures of sexual victimization. [ABSTRACT FROM PUBLISHER]
Copyright of Violence Against Women is the property of Sage Publications Inc. and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Ritter, C., et al. (2013). "Cannabis use in a Swiss male prison: qualitative study exploring detainees' and staffs' perspectives." International Journal of Drug Policy 24(6): 573-578.
	Background: Several studies suggest a high prevalence of cannabis use before and during imprisonment, but subjective perspectives of detainees and staff towards its use in prison are lacking. This issue was explored in the framework of an observational study addressing tobacco use in three Swiss prisons in 2009 and 2010 that involved multiple strands (quantitative and qualitative components). This article presents qualitative data on cannabis use collected in one of the settings. Methods: We used in-depth semi-structured interviews with both detainees and staff to explore their attitudes towards cannabis in one post-trial male Swiss prison. We performed specific coding and thematic analysis for cannabis with the support of ATLAS.ti, compared detainees' and staff's opinions, and considered the results with regard to drug policy in prison in general. Results: 58 participants (31 male offenders, mean age 35 years, and 27 prison staff, mean age 46 years, 33% female) were interviewed. Detainees estimated the current use of cannabis use to be as high as 80%, and staff 50%. Participants showed similar opinions on effects of cannabis use that were described both at individual and institutional levels: analgesic, calming, self-help to go through the prison experience, relieve stress, facilitate sleep, prevent violence, and social pacifier. They also mentioned negative consequences of cannabis use (sleepiness, decreased perception of danger and social isolation), and dissatisfaction regarding the ongoing ambiguous situation where cannabis is forbidden but detection in the urine was not sanctioned. However, the introduction of a more restrictive regulation induced fear of violence, increased trafficking and a shift to other drug use. Conclusion: Although illegal, cannabis use is clearly involved in daily life in prison. A clearer and comprehensive policy addressing cannabis is needed, including appropriate measures tailored to individual users. To sustain a calm and safe environment in prison, means other than substance or medication use are required.

Rivenbark, J., et al. (2018). "A survey of healthcare-seeking practices and related stigma among community- and street-based children in Cambodia." International Health (RSTMH) 10(3): 211-213.
	Background: Globally, street children comprise a growing population of vulnerable children. Understanding how they interact with healthcare systems is fundamental to efforts to improve their health and well-being. Method. We surveyed 75 street- and community-based children in Battambang, Cambodia regarding their healthcare-seeking practices and related stigma. Result. For demographically similar street and community children, hospitals and pharmacies were preferred healthcare institutions, with this choice being motivated by the caretaker's decision or cost. Street children reported increased fear of being refused treatment. Conclusion. Street children and demographically similar community children have similar healthcare-seeking practices and preferences, although street children face increased stigmatization.

Rivillas, J. C., et al. (2018). "How do we reach the girls and women who are the hardest to reach? Inequitable opportunities in reproductive and maternal health care services in armed conflict and forced displacement settings in Colombia." PLoS ONE 13(1): e0188654-e0188654.
	Objectives: This paper assesses inequalities in access to reproductive and maternal health services among females affected by forced displacement and sexual and gender-based violence in conflict settings in Colombia. This was accomplished through the following approaches: first, we assessed the gaps and gradients in three selected reproductive and maternal health care services. Second, we analyzed the patterns of inequalities in reproductive and maternal health care services and changes over time. And finally, we identified challenges and strategies for reaching girls and women who are the hardest to reach in conflict settings, in order to accelerate progress towards universal health coverage and to contribute to meeting the Sustainable Development Goals of good health and well-being and gender equality by 2030. Methods: Three types of data were required: data about health outcomes (relating to rates of females affected by conflict), information about reproductive and maternal health care services to provide a social dimension to unmask inequalities (unmet needs in family planning, antenatal care and skilled births attendance); and data on the female population. Data sources used include the National Information System for Social Protection, the National Registry of Victims, the National Administrative Department of Statistics, and Demographic Health Survey at three specific time points: 2005, 2010 and 2015. We estimated the slope index of inequality to express absolute inequality (gaps) and the concentration index to expresses relative inequality (gradients), and to understand whether inequality was eliminated over time. Results: Our findings show that even though absolute health care service-related inequalities dropped over time, relative inequalities worsened or remain unchanged. All summary measures still indicated the existence of inequalities as well as common patterns. Our findings suggest that there is a pattern of marginal exclusion and incremental patterns of inequality in the reproductive and maternal health care service provided to female affected by armed conflict. Conclusions: Overall, the effects of conflict continue to threaten reproductive and maternal health in Colombia, impeding progress towards the realization of universal health care (UHC) and reinforcing already-existing inequities. Key messages and steps forward include the need to understand the two distinct patterns of inequalities identified in this study in order to prompt improved general policy responses. Addressing unmet needs in reproductive and maternal health requires supporting gender equality and prioritizing the girls and women in regions with the highest rates of victims of armed conflict, with the objective of leaving no girl or woman behind. This analysis represents the first attempt to analyze coverage-related inequality in reproductive and maternal health care services for female affected by armed conflict in Colombia. As the World Health Organization and global health systems leaders call for more inclusive engagement, this approach may serve as the key to shaping people-centred health systems. In this particular case, health care facilities must be located in close proximity to girls and women in conflict and post-conflict settings in order to deliver essential reproductive and maternal health care services. Finally, reducing inequalities in opportunities would not only promote equity, but also drive sustainable development.

Robbins, M. W., et al. (2017). "A Framework for Synthetic Control Methods with High-Dimensional, Micro-level Data: Evaluating a Neighborhood-Specific Crime Intervention." Journal of the American Statistical Association 112(517): 109-126.
	The synthetic control method is an increasingly popular tool for analysis of program efficacy. Here, it is applied to a neighborhood-specific crime intervention in Roanoke, VA, and several novel contributions are made to the synthetic control toolkit. We examine high-dimensional data at a granular level (the treated area has several cases, a large number of untreated comparison cases, and multiple outcome measures). Calibration is used to develop weights that exactly match the synthetic control to the treated region across several outcomes and time periods. Further, we illustrate the importance of adjusting the estimated effect of treatment for the design effect implicit within the weights. A permutation procedure is proposed wherein countless placebo areas can be constructed, enabling estimation of p-values under a robust set of assumptions. An omnibus statistic is introduced that is used to jointly test for the presence of an intervention effect across multiple outcomes and post-intervention time periods. Analyses indicate that the Roanoke crime intervention did decrease crime levels, but the estimated effect of the intervention is not as statistically significant as it would have been had less rigorous approaches been used. Supplementary materials for this article are available online.

Robert, K., et al. (2015). "Analysis of occupational accidents with agricultural machinery in the period 2008-2010 in Austria." Safety Science 72: 319-328.
	The number of serious accidents at work, despite improved technology, coordinated prevention measures and better training and higher skill levels of farmers, is still very high in the Austrian agriculture and forestry. The scenarios in which people are injured are manifold. Parametric information of recognized accidents with different machines in agriculture and forestry in Austria in the years 2008-2010 was evaluated descriptively and analytically. This information included data about the accident victim, activity, accident course and cause as well as type of injury and the affected body parts by frequency and contexts. As analytical test method the chi-square test and odds ratio analysis were used. The aim was to determine the information content of parameters, in particular for the accident-causing human-machine interaction, from accident reports to derive prevention measures that meet the demand. The results showed that the information content of accident reports, because of insufficient information about the accident-causing human-machine interaction, does not suffice to derive or develop further sustainable preventive measures. Only through additional injury surveys and evaluations of accident and new machines was it possible to derive prevention measures meeting the demand according to accident course and cause.

Robert, P., et al. (2010). "The Victim's Decision to Report Offences to the Police in France: Stating Losses or Expressing Attitudes." International Review of Victimology 17(2): 179-207.
	Drawing upon several sets of victimisation surveys in France, this article examines for the first time for this country the variables associated with victims' reporting behaviour on the one hand, with their decision to file a formal complaint on the other. The seriousness of the effects of the offence -- material or physical -- is a determining variable which largely confirms previous internationally established knowledge. However, the specific contribution of this study is to highlight the role, a minority role to be sure but one that is clearly distinguishable, of certain attitudes such as punitiveness (among those who file formal complaints) and scepticism with regard to public institutions (among non reporting victims). In this sense, the study of reporting also informs us about the more or less confident relationship between the population and the institutions that bear the responsibility for its security. In order to consider these types of results it is necessary for surveys to include not only questions about the factual elements of victimisation but also to delve into the respondents' opinions, so as to allow the piecing together of attitudes and types of social representation. Adapted from the source document.

Roberto Stefan, F., et al. (2018). "Set-Point Theory and Societal Collapse: The Case of Russia." Journal of Happiness Studies 19(6): 1639-1656.
	Can a society’s overall level of happiness change? Until recently, it was widely held that happiness fluctuates around set-points, so that neither individuals nor societies can lastingly increase their happiness. However, data from surveys carried out in Russia from 1982 to 2011 show that happiness fell substantially following the collapse of the Soviet Union, and has begun to rise again only recently. Additional data sources, including suicide rates and indices of negative affect expression, confirm these shifts. Contrary to set-point theory, we find that the recent increase has been driven as much by generational replacement as by mean reversion among individuals. The collapse of communism led to a permanent drop in subjective wellbeing among mid-life cohorts that was subsequently never fully recovered. Happiness can be substantially and permanently impacted by life-events, including those affecting society as a whole, and societal-level happiness can rise or fall over time as a result.

Roberts, J. V. and M. Manikis (2013). "Victim personal statements in England and Wales: Latest (and last) trends from the Witness and Victim Experience Survey." Criminology & Criminal Justice: An International Journal 13(3): 245-261.
	Crime victims and victims’ advocates have for many years called for greater input into the criminal process, and in particular at the stage of sentencing. Today, victims in almost all common law countries have the opportunity to participate in the sentencing process, usually by providing information about the impact of the crime. This impact evidence is placed before a sentencing court in the form of a victim impact statement (VIS) or victim personal statement (VPS) as it is known in England and Wales. This article reviews findings from the last few years of data from the Witness and Victim Experience Survey (WAVES) which was conducted by the Ministry of Justice. We review findings from the last administrations of the survey. In the most recent administration of the survey (2009–2010), less than half (43%) of victims recalled being offered a statement. Over the most recent three-year period (2007–2010), a comparable percentage (42%) of the victims recalled being offered the opportunity to make a VPS; almost half (45%) explicitly responded that they had not been given an opportunity to make a VPS. In addition, significant variation emerged across local justice areas. The percentage of victims reporting having been offered a VPS varied from a low of 29 per cent in London to a high of 63 per cent in Northumbria – a range of 34 per cent. These and other findings suggest that the VPS scheme is being inconsistently implemented across the country. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Criminology & Criminal Justice: An International Journal is the property of Sage Publications, Ltd. and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Roberts, L. D., et al. (2011). "A country not divided: A comparison of public punitiveness and confidence in sentencing across Australia." The Australian and New Zealand Journal of Criminology 44(3): 370-386.
	Changes to sentencing legislation are often introduced or justified on the basis of satisfying public opinion. If sentencing policy is a reflection of public opinion we should see a concordance between different sentencing policies and public opinion. This paper provides a comparison between Australian States and Territories in terms of two key measures of public attitude concerning sentencing: confidence in sentencing and punitiveness. These results are based on a comprehensive telephone survey (N=6005) of Australian adults which utilized a stratified random sample of households from the Electronic White Pages. It was found that there were only minor differences in the key measures of public attitude despite the notable differences between the States and Territories of Australia with respect to sentencing policy. Differences in public attitudes across jurisdictions were small, accounting for less than 2 per cent of variation in confidence in sentencing and punitive attitudes scores. In addition, despite the predicted moderately negative association between confidence in sentencing and punitiveness, neither of these variables was related in any systematic way to jurisdictional differences in imprisonment rates. The major implication of these findings is that the wide differences in sentencing practice and policy between jurisdictions in Australia are not linked to differences in public attitudes, supporting Beckett's (1997) argument that sentencing policy is better understood as a function of political initiative rather than a direct articulation of public attitude. Adapted from the source document.

Robinson, M. A. and T. C. Cheng (2014). "Exploring Physical Health of African Americans: A Social Determinant Model." Journal of Human Behavior in the Social Environment 24(8): 899-909.
	The objective was to examine the relationships between socioeconomic, structural, community, and individual factors and health outcomes of African Americans in the United States using a modified version of the social determinants of health model in a nationally representative sample of 2,926 non-elderly African American adults. This empirical evidence supports the hypothesis that there is a positive relationship between socioeconomic/structural determinants and health outcomes of African Americans. Results show poor housing and low income contribute to poorer health outcomes; therefore, in order to improve the health outcome, programs are needed that provide their residents with adequate and safe housing and employment. Moreover, local, state, and federal governmental entities need to work together to rebuild and revitalize the housing in African American communities. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Journal of Human Behavior in the Social Environment is the property of Taylor & Francis Ltd and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Rodelli, M., et al. (2018). "Which healthy lifestyle factors are associated with a lower risk of suicidal ideation among adolescents faced with cyberbullying?" Preventive medicine 113: 32-40.
	Cyberbullying is associated with negative mental health outcomes including adolescent suicidal ideation. This requires effective and accessible preventive efforts. Healthy lifestyles are factors adolescents themselves can modify that may lower their risk of suicidal ideation. The aim of this study was to examine associations between physical activity, (outdoor) sport participation, a healthy diet, higher sleep duration and low levels of smoking and alcohol use, and suicidal ideation when faced with cyberbullying. A cross-sectional survey was administered in 2014-2015 to 1037 adolescents (12-18 years, M age=15; 50% girls) in Flanders, Belgium. Logistic regression analyses were conducted to assess direct effects of cyberbullying involvement (victim, perpetrator, bystander) on suicidal ideation, and interaction effects between cyberbullying involvement, healthy lifestyles and suicidal ideation. Results showed that cyberbullying victimization, perpetration and bystanding were associated with higher suicidal ideation, but that the association with cyberbullying perpetration disappeared when corrected for other cyberbullying involvement forms. More physical activity, sleeping longer, more often taking a healthy diet and lower levels of smoking were associated with lower suicidal ideation. Some associations of healthy lifestyles with suicidal ideation disappeared at higher levels of cyberbullying involvement. Low alcohol consumption and (outdoor) sport participation were not associated with suicidal ideation, and sport participation was even associated with higher suicidal ideation at low levels of cyberbullying involvement. These findings suggest a novel approach to suicide prevention may be warranted, by strengthening healthy lifestyles as factors that adolescents themselves can modify to increase their resilience and reduce suicidal ideation.

Rodrigues, C. d. S., et al. (2012). "Accidents and violence among women attended in Sentinel Emergency Services - Brazil, 2009. / Acidentes e violências entre mulheres atendidas em Serviços de Emergência Sentinela - Brasil, 2009." Ciência & Saúde Coletiva 17(9): 2319-2329.
	Accidents from external causes affect the human population in different ways. This article seeks to analyze emergency care for women who are victims of accidents and violence. Data from the Surveillance System for Violence and Accidents were analyzed. This study was carried out in 74 emergency units of 23 state capitals and the Federal District in 2009 and included 6,965 women aged from 20-59 years. The age groups of 20-39 and 40-59 years were compared for the occurrence of accidents and violence. Accidents were more frequent among young black women (20-39 years) with more than nine years of schooling. The occurrence of violence was also prevalent in young black women but with less schooling. Falls were the most frequent accidents (38.6%), followed by traffic accidents. The occurrence of violence was more frequent in the home (p&lt;0.000) and the mention of alcohol abuse among victims of violence was predominant. The most frequent type of violence was aggression (84.6%), in which the aggressor was male (79.1%) and identified as an intimate partner (44.1%). It is increasingly important that services are able to provide comprehensive and humanized care to the victims of this important public health problem.

Rodríguez, N. M. and K. Melin (2017). "Immunization rates and Barriers to influenza vaccine access in the community pharmacy." Journal of Vaccines and Vaccination 8(3): 359-359.
	A prospective, survey-based study was conducted to determine the influenza immunization rates of the government health insurance population in a community pharmacy in Lares, Puerto Rico, during March-May 2014. In addition, the factors that influence access to influenza vaccine were assessed. Data were collected by administering a short questionnaire to study participants about the 2013-14 flu season vaccination. Most study participants were women (57.32%), aged 21-40 years (42.68%), with a low monthly income (71.95%) and had completed either secondary or post-secondary education (70.37%). Of a total 82 patients who completed the questionnaire, 49 patients (59.76%) were not vaccinated against influenza during the current flu season (2013-14), 16 patients (19.51%) were vaccinated but not at a pharmacy and 17 patients (20.73%) were vaccinated in a community pharmacy. The absolute percentage of Mi Salud beneficiaries vaccinated against influenza during the 2013-14 season was 40.24%. The question about influenza vaccination history for the past season (2012-13) revealed that even more patients were not vaccinated against influenza during the previous 2012-13 season (57 patients, 69.51%) when compared to the current 2013-14 season. The potential reasons for not getting vaccinated against influenza were: fear of needles, lack of transportation, vaccine not available, administration fee, friend/family advice not to receive, allergy to egg, previous negative experiences with vaccination, did not know they needed it, concerns about side effects, Guillian-Barre Syndrome and other. The top 3 reasons for not getting vaccinated against influenza were: others (26%), concerns about side effects (24%) and fear of needles (17%). The past flu season vaccination history variable showed a statistically significant increase of relative risk for not being vaccinated in the current flu season. It is suggested that a pharmacist can play an important role in raising immunization rates in this patient population through appropriate patient education and better accessibility to the influenza vaccine.

Rodriguez, R. M., et al. (2019). "Declared impact of the US President's statements and campaign statements on Latino populations' perceptions of safety and emergency care access." PLoS ONE 14(10): e0222837-e0222837.
	Statements about building walls, deportation and denying services to undocumented immigrants made during President Trump's presidential campaign and presidency may induce fear in Latino populations and create barriers to their health care access. To assess how these statements relate to undocumented Latino immigrants' (UDLI) and Latino legal residents/citizens' (LLRC) perceptions of safety and their presentations for emergency care, we conducted surveys of adult patients at three county emergency departments (EDs) in California from June 2017 to December 2018. Of 1,684 patients approached, 1,337 (79.4%) agreed to participate: 34.3% UDLI, 36.9% LLRC, and 29.8% non-Latino legal residents/citizens (NLRC). The vast majority of UDLI (95%), LLRC (94%) and NLRC (85%) had heard statements about immigrants. Most UDLI (89%), LLRC (88%) and NLRC (87%) either thought that these measures were being enacted now or will be enacted in the future. Most UDLI and half of LLRC reported that these statements made them feel unsafe living in the US, 75% (95% CI 70-80%) and 51% (95% CI 47-56%), respectively. More UDLI reported that these statements made them afraid to come to the ED (24%, 95% CI 20-28%) vs LLRC (4.4%, 95% CI 3-7%) and NLRC (3.5%, 95% CI 2-6%); 55% of UDLI with this fear stated it caused them to delay coming to the ED (median delay 2-3 days). The vast majority of patients in our California EDs have heard statements during the 2016 presidential campaign or from President Trump about measures against undocumented immigrants, which have induced worry and safety concerns in both UDLI and LLRC patients. Exposure to these statements was also associated with fear of accessing emergency care in some UDLIs. Given California's sanctuary state status, these safety concerns and ED access fears may be greater in a nationwide population of Latinos.

Roeger, L., et al. (2010). "Is a history of school bullying victimization associated with adult suicidal ideation?: A South Australian population-based observational study." Journal of Nervous and Mental Disease 198(10): 728-733.
	The objective of this study was to determine whether history of school bullying victimization is associated with suicidal ideation in adult life. A random and representative sample of 2907 adults in South Australia, Australia, were surveyed in autumn of 2008. The respondents were asked "When you were at school, did you experience traumatic bullying by peers that was particularly severe, for example, being frequently targeted or routinely harassed in any way by 'bullies'?" Depression was determined by the mood module of the PRIME-MD, which includes a suicidal ideation question, "In the last 2 weeks, have you had thoughts that you would be better off dead or hurting yourself in some way?" The results showed that the overall prevalence of suicidal ideation in postschool age respondents was 3.4% (95% confidence interval: 2.8-4.2%) in 2008. Bullying by peers was recalled by 18.7% (17.2-20.3%). Respondents with history of being bullied were approximately 3 times (odds ratio: 3.2) more likely to report suicidal ideation than those who did not. The association between being bullied and suicidal ideation remained after controlling for both depression and sociodemographic variables (odds ratio: 2.1). It is concluded that there is a strong association between history of childhood bullying victimization and current suicidal ideation that persists across all ages. Bullying prevention programmes in schools could hold the potential for longer lasting benefits in this important area of public health.

Roellig, D. M., et al. (2015). "Identification of Giardia duodenalis and Enterocytozoon bieneusi in an epizoological investigation of a laboratory colony of prairie dogs, Cynomys ludovicianus." Veterinary Parasitology 210(1/2): 91-97.
	Since 2005, black-tailed prairie dogs (Cynomys ludovicianus) have been collected for use as research animals from field sites in Kansas, Colorado, and Texas. In January of 2012, Giardia trophozoites were identified by histology, thin-section electron microscopy, and immunofluorescent staining in the lumen of the small intestine and colon of a prairie dog euthanized because of extreme weight loss. With giardiasis suspected as the cause of weight loss, a survey of Giardia duodenalis in the laboratory colony of prairie dogs was initiated. Direct immunofluorescent testing of feces revealed active shedding of Giardia cysts in 40% (n=60) of animals held in the vivarium. All tested fecal samples (n=29) from animals in another holding facility where the index case originated were PCR positive for G. duodenalis with assemblages A and B identified from sequencing triosephosphate isomerase (tpi), glutamate dehydrogenase (gdh), and β-giardin (bg) genes. Both assemblages are considered zoonotic, thus the parasites in prairie dogs are potential human pathogens and indicate prairie dogs as a possible wildlife reservoir or the victims of pathogen spill-over. Molecular testing for other protozoan gastrointestinal parasites revealed no Cryptosporidium infections but identified a host-adapted Enterocytozoon bieneusi genotype group.

Rogers, R., et al. (2016). "Law Enforcement and the Rights of the Accused: Are the Police Getting a Bad Rap?" Journal of Police & Criminal Psychology 31(3): 200-207.
	Nationwide, law enforcement professionals have endured increasing scrutiny regarding their treatment of custodial suspects and their alleged abridgement of suspects' Constitutional rights. At the same time, in the interests of community safety, many members of the public fully expect police officers to function efficiently in arresting and facilitating the prosecution of likely perpetrators. These perspectives reflect due-process and crime-control models respectively. Very little is known, however, about how law enforcement professionals actually view the rights of the accused when not acutely immersed in the cross-currents of public opinion. Using an anonymous survey, the current investigation addresses both Miranda rights as well as the European Union's (EU) much more comprehensive approach to the rights of the accused. In general, this sample of 209 urban police officers favored protections of criminal suspects that went considerably beyond Miranda safeguards. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Journal of Police & Criminal Psychology is the property of Springer Nature and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Rojas, D. Q., et al. (2019). "¿Cómo se mide la dimensión subjetiva de la criminalidad? Un análisis cuantitativo y cualitativo de la Encuesta Nacional Urbana de Seguridad Ciudadana en Chile." Measuring fear of crime in Chile: a mix-method analysis of the National Crime Survey. 14(28): 269-322.
	
Romain-Glassey, N., et al. (2011). "A satisfaction survey conducted on patients of a medico-legal consultation." Journal of Forensic & Legal Medicine 18(4): 158-161.
	Abstract: In 2006, a medico-legal consultation service devoted to adult victims of interpersonal violence was set up at the Lausanne University Hospital Centre, Switzerland: the Violence Medical Unit. Patients are received by forensic nurses for support, forensic examination (in order to establish medical report) and community orientation. In 2008, a telephone survey was conducted on patients. The objectives of the survey were to estimate the degree of patients’ satisfaction and to document the use of the medical report by six questions. Among the 476 patients admitted to the VMU in 2007, 132 were interviewed. Their overall satisfaction was high with an average mark of 8.7/10. The medical report was used extensively by the interviewed victims (81%) for its primary function – to be produced as evidence. As the consultations are financed by public funds, these results were of interest for advocacy of long-lasting financial support. [Copyright &y& Elsevier]
Copyright of Journal of Forensic & Legal Medicine is the property of Elsevier B.V. and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Rose, R. and C. Peiffer (2016). "Integrating Institutional and Behavioural Measures of Bribery." European Journal on Criminal Policy and Research 22(3): 525-542.
	Issue Title: Special Issue: Measuring Corruption In Europe And Beyond Bribery involves individuals exchanging material benefits for a service of a public institution. To understand the process of bribery we need to integrate measures of individual behaviour and institutional attributes rather than rely exclusively on surveys of individual perceptions and experience or macro-level corruption indexes of national institutions. This paper integrates institutional and behavioural measures to show that where you live and who you are have independent influence on whether a person pays a bribe. The analysis of 76 nationwide Global Corruption Barometer surveys from six continents provides a date set in which both institutional and individual differences vary greatly. Multi-level multivariate logit analysis is used to test hypotheses about the influence of institutional context and individual contact with public services, socio-economic inequalities and roles, and conflicting behavioural and ethical norms. It finds that path-determined histories of early bureaucratization or colonialism have a major impact after controlling for individual differences. At the individual level, people who frequently make use of public services and perceive government as corrupt are more likely to pay bribes, while socio-economic inequality has no significant influence. While institutional history cannot be changed, changing the design of public services is something that contemporary governors could do to reduce the vulnerability of their citizens to bribery.

Rosenbaum, D., et al. (2015). "Measuring procedural justice and legitimacy at the local level: the police-community interaction survey." Journal of experimental criminology 11(3): 335-366.
	Objectives: To introduce and evaluate the Police-Citizen Interaction (PCI) Survey, the electronic survey component of the National Police Research Platform, designed to measure the quality of police-citizen encounters at the local level. Methods: Three studies tested the feasibility, validity, and sample representativeness of the PCI Survey. A randomized control trial (RCT) compared the PCI Survey results with the most widely used survey method, the telephone survey. The primary measures were the community member's satisfaction with the contact, judgments of procedural justice during the interaction, police effectiveness, and police legitimacy. Results: The RCT revealed no significant differences between the PCI Survey and the standard telephone survey, thus increasing confidence in the validity of the PCI methodology. The PCI Survey was able to replicate 'known group' findings from prior research; capture agency-level differences in public satisfaction; uncover complex interactions of race, type of incident and procedural justice; and show the relative importance of both process and outcome during police-initiated contacts. Conclusions: The PCI Survey approach, utilizing web and voice interactive methods, shows considerable promise as a tool for measuring organizational performance in new ways, focusing on procedural fairness and the quality of police services rather than the reliance on crime statistics. The survey appears to have utility for local jurisdictions, while at the same time providing standard metrics for cross-jurisdictional theory testing and benchmarking. The survey was tested initially with three agencies of different sizes. It will be refined for implementation on a larger scale. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Journal of Experimental Criminology is the property of Springer Nature and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Rosenberg, D., et al. (2009). "Neighborhood Environment Walkability Scale for Youth (NEWS-Y): reliability and relationship with physical activity." Preventive medicine 49(2/3): 213-218.
	Objectives. To examine the psychometric properties of the Neighborhood Environment Walkability Scale-Youth (NEWS-Y) and explore its associations with context-specific and overall physical activity (PA) among youth. Methods. In 2005, parents of children ages 5-11 (n=116), parents of adolescents ages 12-18 (n=171), and adolescents ages 12-18 (n=171) from Boston, Cincinnati, and San Diego, completed NEWS-Y surveys regarding perceived land use mix-diversity, recreation facility availability, pedestrian/automobile traffic safety, crime safety, aesthetics, walking/cycling facilities, street connectivity, land use mix-access, and residential density. A standardized neighborhood environment score was derived. Self-reported activity in the street and in parks, and walking to parks, shops, school, and overall physical activity were assessed. Results. The NEWS-Y subscales had acceptable test-retest reliability (ICC range .56-.87). Being active in a park, walking to a park, walking to shops, and walking to school were related to multiple environmental attributes in all three participant groups. Total neighborhood environment, recreation facilities, walking and cycling facilities, and land use mix-access had the most consistent relationships with specific types of activity. Conclusions. The NEWS-Y has acceptable reliability and subscales were significantly correlated with specific types of youth PA. The NEWS-Y can be used to examine neighborhood environment correlates of youth PA.

Rosso, A., et al. (2019). "Knowledge and attitudes on pediatric vaccinations and intention to vaccinate in a sample of pregnant women from the City of Rome." Vaccine 37(14): 1954-1963.
	Background: In recent years, pediatric immunization rates in Italy have decreased well below the recommended thresholds, largely due to an increase in scepticism about the efficacy and safety of vaccines. We aimed to identify the degree of such scepticism, and the factors driving it, among a sample of pregnant women in the City of Rome. Methods: We conducted a cross-sectional survey on a sample of pregnant women attending antenatal classes (CANs) in Rome through distribution of a self-administered questionnaire. Multiple logistic regression models were built to analyze the determinants of knowledge, attitudes and intention to vaccinate in this population. Results: A total of 458 pregnant women attending CANs in 36 family health centers and two hospitals in Rome answered the survey. Mean age was 32.9 (±5.0) years, and over 90% of women were in their first pregnancy. More than 26% of respondents showed a good level of knowledge of the safety and efficacy of vaccines, but there were high rates of uncertainty or agreement with some of the most common anti-vaccination sentiments. Only 75% of women were sure about vaccinating their children with the hexavalent vaccine, and 64.3% with MMR. A good level of knowledge was the strongest predictor of positive attitudes towards vaccination (OR 11.61, 95% CI 6.43-20.96), which, in turn, influenced the intention to vaccinate for most vaccines with the perception of the benefit of immunization for protection against disease. Conclusions: Scepticism about the safety, efficacy and importance of vaccines is associated to pregnant women's hesitancy to vaccinate their children, suggesting the need to develop strategies to increase vaccine acceptance in the antenatal period. The capacity of health care professionals, particularly midwives, to correctly deliver information to future parents should be strengthened in order to reduce the spread of misinformation and fear of vaccine safety.

Ruan, K., et al. (2013). "Cloud forensics definitions and critical criteria for cloud forensic capability: An overview of survey results." Digital Investigation 10(1): 34-43.
	Abstract: With the rapid growth of global cloud adoption in private and public sectors, cloud computing environments is becoming a new battlefield for cyber crime. In this paper, the researcher presents the results and analysis of a survey that was widely circulated among digital forensic experts and practitioners internationally on cloud forensics and critical criteria for cloud forensic capability in order to better understand the key fundamental issues of cloud forensics such as its definition, scope, challenges, opportunities as well as missing capabilities based on the 257 collected responses. [Copyright &y& Elsevier]
Copyright of Digital Investigation is the property of Elsevier B.V. and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Rudatskira, E., et al. (2014). "Correlates of bullying victimization among school-going adolescents in Algeria: results from the 2011 global school-based health survey." International Journal of Medicine and Public Health 4(4): 407-412.
	Introduction: Literature establishes negative public health impact of bullying. Bullies and bully-victims are more likely to engage in a cluster of other delinquent behaviors. Objectives: The objective of this study was to determine correlates of bullying victimization among school-going adolescents in Algeria. Materials and Methods: The study analyzed data from the 2011 Global School-Based Health Survey conducted among in-school adolescents in Algeria. Logistic regression analyzes were used to estimate associations between bullying victimization and selected variables. Results: A total of 4532 students participated in the survey of which 48.1% were males. Bullying victimization was estimated at 51.1% (47.2% among males and 54.9% among females). Males were 28% less likely to be bullied compared to females. Overall, adolescents aged &lt;13 years were 14% less likely to be bullied compared to those aged 16 years or older. Adolescents who reported hunger most of the time or always were 21% more likely to be bullied compared with those who were hungry less frequently. While students who smoked cigarettes were 24% more likely to report having been bullied, those who smoked marijuana were 21% less likely to report having been bullied compared to students who did not smoke. Adolescents who were involved in physical fighting were 67% more likely to be bullied compared to those who were not involved in fighting. While males who were involved in physical activity were 4% more likely to be bullied, females were 10% less likely to bullied compared with adolescents who were not involved in physical activity. Sedentary students were 10% more likely to experience bullying victimization compared to those who did not have a sedentary lifestyle. Conclusion: Bullying victimization is frequent among Algerian in-school adolescents. This calls for a concerted effort to prevent and control bullying behavior using interventions that are gender sensitive.

Rudnick, J. D., Jr. and P. B. Teaster (2013). "Elder abuse and neglect: a survey of clergy awareness, knowledge, and intervention preferences." Journal of Elder Abuse & Neglect 25(4): 323-338.
	This article explores the research question: What is the perceived level of elder abuse and neglect awareness and knowledge among Protestant clergy members in Kentucky? Of the 300 clergy contacted, 160 participated, for a response rate of 53.3%. Pearson Chi-Square analyses were used to determine statistical significance, and phi coefficient correlations examined the strength of the associations between variables. Findings indicate that approximately 44% of clergy members in this study report some "awareness" of elder abuse and neglect. However, 56% of clergy respondents do not know that Kentucky is an "any person" mandatory reporting state. Specifically, participating clergy appear poorly informed about legal requirements for reporting elder abuse and neglect and perceive types of abuse differently. Untrained clergy with little formal training indicate a willingness to provide therapy to victims despite reporting that they do not feel qualified to do so.

Rughiniş, C. and R. Rughiniş (2014). "Nothing ventured, nothing gained. Profiles of online activity, cyber-crime exposure, and security measures of end-users in European Union." Computers & Security 43: 111-125.
	Abstract: We use large-scale survey data from the Eurobarometer 77.2/2012 to explore variability in online activity, cyber-crime exposure, and security measures of end-users in European Union (EU27). While cyber-security is a high-priority activity for security experts and researchers, end-users conduct it in the context of their daily lives, as a socially accountable and resource-limited activity. We argue that end-users' security behaviors should be analyzed in relation to their experiences of online victimization, in the context of their routine activities. An ecological analysis at country level indicates that societies with widespread Internet use support cultures of higher cyber-security. They also expose daily Internet users to higher cyber-crime risks, but this positive correlation is weaker, with Romania and Hungary as two notable exceptions of high average exposure with low overall Internet use. Given the negative feedback loops between security responses, exposure to cyber-crime, and online activity, we find that, at individual level, linear causal modeling on survey data is impractical, and we propose classification analysis as a better tool for capturing variability. We use K-means cluster analysis to identify five types of end-users' orientation towards security in the context of their activity: ‘explorer’, ‘reactive’, ‘prudent’, ‘lucky’, and ‘occasional’ users, and we discuss their profiles of online activities and experiences. ‘Prudent’ users are relatively neglected in public campaigns for Internet security. Classification analysis is a productive tool for understanding end-users' security orientations through survey data and for informing public interventions. [Copyright &y& Elsevier]
Copyright of Computers & Security is the property of Pergamon Press - An Imprint of Elsevier Science and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Ruiz, A. L., et al. (2019). "Expanding the Utility of Race-Based Accountability: An Application of RBA to Longitudinal Data Analyses." Race and Justice 9(1): 60-79.
	Despite the strong empirical evidence linking childhood abuse to negative mental health outcomes later in life, a number of questions remain regarding race variations in this association. Moreover, less is known about the salience of protective factors that can offset or ameliorate the negative effects of abuse on adult mental health, and whether these factors work differently by race. Using three waves of panel data from a nationally representative survey of American adults, the present study examined the long-term effects of childhood abuse on adult mental health over a span of 20 years. In addition, we assessed social support as a protective factor, and examined its differential effects on mental health outcomes for Whites and non-Whites. Results indicate that despite frequent childhood abuse, social support is associated with less depression for Whites—its positive effects being most pronounced for those with the most severe abuse experiences. However, social support is associated with worst depression for non-Whites—its negative effects being most pronounced for those with severe abuse experiences. These findings demonstrate that the factors commonly considered as protective and beneficial for adult victims of abuse work differently across racial groups and in fact, may be detrimental for non-Whites.

Rukundo, P. M., et al. (2019). "Housing, water and sanitation implications on food insecurity and diet diversity in landslide affected communities: a cross-sectional survey of two districts in Uganda." Clinical Nutrition ESPEN 33: 47-56.
	Background: The major landslide of 2010 in Bududa district in Eastern Uganda is the most catastrophic natural disaster in Uganda's recorded history. An estimated 350 people died and some of the affected were resettled in Kiryandongo district. We assessed housing, water and sanitation practises of affected households and controls to establish possible implications on food insecurity and diet diversity. Methods: This cross-sectional study assessed 1078 affected and control households in Bududa and Kiryandongo districts. The head of the households were either affected, selected from landslide disaster-affected communities, or controls from a random sub-county bordering the affected. Structured interviews were used and entries were tested statistically to report crude estimates based on the Pearson x2 and ANOVA, while adjusted analysis used multivariate analysis of co-variance (MANCOVA) and Wald's Odds Ratio (OR) of Binary Logistic Regression at the 95% CI. Results: On adjusting for the disaster and covariates, households who had insufficient access to water scored higher mean (SE) on food insecurity than those who reported sufficient access: 13.1 (0.4) vs. 9.5 (0.3) (P&lt;0.01). Intriguingly, households who owned a toilet and those who reported always using soap to wash hands scored higher food insecurity than their counterparts: 11.1 (0.3) vs. 9.0 (0.6) (P&lt;0.01) and 11.3 (0.3) vs. 9.1 (0.5) (P&lt;0.01), respectively. However, not owning a toilet increased the likelihood of being food insecure (OR 3.43; 95% CI 1.31, 8.97; P=0.02). In Kiryandongo, affected households scored higher food insecurity than controls: 9.5 (0.5) vs. 5.4 (0.5) (P&lt;0.01) and higher diet diversity scores (DDS): 6.7 (0.2) vs. 6.2 (0.2) (P=0.04). Type of housing also predicted food insecurity (P&lt;0.01) and DDS (P=0.03). Like Bududa, households with insufficient water access scored higher food insecurity while those owning toilet scored higher DDS. Uniquely, only number of rooms was linked to a high likelihood of being food insecure (OR 1.60; 95% CI 1.19, 2.15; P&lt;0.05). Conclusion: Disaster, food security and diet were sensitive to housing, water and sanitation and were integral to an adequate standard of living of victims of this landslide.

Runyan, D. K., et al. (2009). "Introduction to the development of the ISPCAN child abuse screening tools." Child Abuse & Neglect 33(11): 842-845.
	The World Report on Children and Violence, (Pinheiro, 2006) was produced at the request of the UN Secretary General and the UN General Assembly. This report recommended improvement in research on child abuse. ISPCAN representatives took this charge and developed 3 new instruments. We describe this background and introduce three new measures designed to assess the incidence and prevalence of child abuse and neglect. [Copyright Elsevier Ltd.]

Rutherford, A. (2017). "Surveying rape: Feminist social science and the ontological politics of sexual assault." History of the Human Sciences 30(4): 100-123.
	College campus-based surveys of sexual assault in the United States have generated one of the most high-profile and contentious figures in the history of social science: the '1 in 5' statistic. Referring to the number of women who have experienced either attempted or completed sexual assault since their time in college, '1 in 5' has done significant work in making the prevalence of this experience legible to the public and to policy-makers. Here I examine how sexual assault surveys have participated in structuring the ontology of date/acquaintance rape from the 1980s to today. I review the foundational work of feminist social scientists Diana Russell and Mary Koss, with particular attention to the methodological practices through which the concept of the 'hidden' or 'unacknowledged' rape victim emerged. I then examine a selection of early 21st-century sexual assault surveys and highlight the ongoing preoccupation with survey methodology in responses to their results. I argue that the survey itself has been a central actor in the ontological politics of sexual assault, and only by closely attending to its performativity can we understand the paradoxical persistence both of critical responses to the '1 in 5' statistic and of its effective deployment in anti-violence policy.

Rydberg, J., et al. (2018). "Nobody gives a #%&!: a factorial survey examining the effect of criminological evidence on opposition to sex offender residence restrictions." Journal of experimental criminology 14(4): 541-550.
	Objectives: This short report tests whether altering messages concerning the presentation (i.e., criminal justice actor experience vs. summary of scientific findings) or nature of criminological research findings (i.e., lack of crime control effect vs. collateral consequences) regarding the (in)efficacy of sex offender residence restrictions (SORR) would subsequently affect public support for this policy.Methods: The experimental conditions were presented in a factorial survey delivered to a national online panel, which was subsequently matched to a sampling frame representative of US adults on the basis of gender, age, race, education, ideology, and political interest (N = 970). Analysis of variance was used to estimate the impact of the experimental manipulations on SORR opposition.Results: Support for SORR was high across all experimental conditions, and no manipulations were statistically associated with variation in opposition to the policy.Conclusions: The results support limited previous research suggesting that the public would continue to support SORR even in the lack of evidence to its effectiveness. This research suggests that altering the presenter or nature of research evidence subsequently produces no opinion change, at least in the form that was executed here. Further research on the mechanisms underlying the recalcitrance of SORR support is necessary. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Journal of Experimental Criminology is the property of Springer Nature and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Sabol, W. J. (2016). "Commentary: Could Linked Data Help Us to Better Understand the Macrolevel Consequences of Mass Imprisonment?" Annals of the American Academy of Political and Social Science 665(1): 213-221.
	A theme among the articles by L. Andersen; Wakefield and Powell; and Berger and colleagues in this volume is that administrative data have certain strengths for studying the impacts of paternal incarceration on children that survey data lack, particularly in measuring the intervention of incarceration. The first two articles report microlevel effects of paternal incarceration on children, and the Berger et al. article describes some macrosocial trends in the relationships between incarcerated individuals with CPS-involved children. Although the Berger et al. article does not directly relate to the issues addressed in the L. Andersen article (impacts on education and crime outcomes for children of incarcerated fathers) or the Wakefield and Powell article (impacts on children’s aggression and externalizing behaviors), it implies that we should expect to observe a relationship between the microlevel effects and the macrolevel indicators, such as juvenile crime, education, foster care, and other measures of the well-being of youth. Developing a better understanding of the relationship between the micro- and macroeffects can help us to learn whether impacts of paternal incarceration on very young children (as in the Wakefield and Powell article) endure over time or whether the causes of youth involvement in crime are more proximate in time to the events. They can help us to understand the trends in the macrolevel indicators. For example, if the aggression and externalizing behavior findings that Wakefield and Powell report are correlated with longer-term juvenile delinquency, then we should expect to see the effects in the delinquency rates for youth in later years.

Saewyc, E., et al. (2014). "SCHOOL-BASED STRATEGIES TO REDUCE SUICIDAL IDEATION, SUICIDE ATTEMPTS, AND DISCRIMINATION AMONG SEXUAL MINORITY AND HETEROSEXUAL ADOLESCENTS IN WESTERN CANADA." International Journal of Child, Youth & Family Studies 5(1): 89-112.
	This study explored the relationships between the existence of and length of time since implementation of school-based Gay-Straight Alliances (GSAs) and explicit anti-homophobic bullying policies in secondary schools across British Columbia, Canada, with experiences of anti-gay discrimination, suicidal ideation and attempts among lesbian, gay, bisexual (LGB), mostly heterosexual, and exclusively heterosexual students. Analyses of the province-wide random cluster-stratified 2008 B.C. Adolescent Health Survey (n = 21,708) compared students in schools with GSAs or policies implemented at least 3 years, and less than 3 years, with those in schools without GSAs or anti-homophobia policies, using multinomial logistic regression, separately by gender. LGB students had lower odds of past year discrimination, suicidal thoughts and attempts, mostly when policies and GSAs had been in place for 3+ years; policies had a less consistent effect than GSAs. Heterosexual boys, but not girls, also had lower odds of suicidal ideation and attempts in schools with longer-established anti-homophobic bullying policies and GSAs. Given consistently higher documented risk for suicidal ideation and attempts among LGB and mostly heterosexual adolescents, prevention efforts should be a priority, and school-level interventions, such as GSAs, may be an effective approach to reducing this risk, while also offering prevention benefits for heterosexual boys.

Saghafinia, M., et al. (2009). "Effect of the rural rescue system on reducing the mortality rate of landmine victims: a prospective study in Ilam province, Iran." Prehospital and Disaster Medicine 24(2): 126-129.
	Background: In several Iranian provinces, there are large numbers of landmines that threaten the lives of many civilians. Ilam is one of the most polluted areas with 1,086 injuries from landmines between 1989 to 1999, with an overall mortality rate of 36.4%. A remarkable number of deaths occurred before the injured were conveyed to the hospital. In this survey, the effects of on trauma outcome of the use of prehospital trauma life support provided by trained paramedics and rural health workers as first responders we reexamined. Methods: In an interventional, prospective study, 4,834 persons (general physicians, nurses, rural health workers, and emergency technicians, high- and low-educated people, layperson villagers, and nomads) were trained in one level of advanced (for general physicians and nurses) and four levels of basic life support courses during two years (2000-2001). Following the training, the data from 288 landmine victims who were referred to the main hospital in Ilam (trauma center) were registered prospectively (2001-2005). The effects of prehospital trauma life support training were assessed by using the Injury Severity Scale (ISS) score and prehospital physiologic severity (PSS) score. Results: There were 288 injuries from landmines in the Mehran region between 2002 and 2005. The mean ISS score was 20.3 with a median of 13. Forty percent were severely injured with an ISS score &gt;15. Of the injured who received prehospital care at the Mehran Emergency Center, the mean value of the PSS scores was 6.40, which improved to 7.43 in the hospital (p=0.01; 95% CI for difference -0.72 to -0.45), in comparison with 5.97 in the injured who were conveyed to Ilam Hospital directly (mean of ISS was approximately equal in both groups). The total mortality rate was 27% between 2001 and 2005. Conclusions: Prehospital educations and training help improve PSS scores and reduce the death toll of landmine accidents in the remote areas.

Sahni, A., et al. (2016). "A questionnaire survey on forensic odontology: Are we really aware?" Journal of Forensic Dental Sciences 8(2): 109-109.
	Introduction: The role of a dentist is not only to examine and treat the oral diseases but also to assist the legal authorities by means of its branch--forensic odontology. Through forensic odontology, a dentist plays a very important role in crime investigation of any type. Objective: To analyze the knowledge, awareness, and interest of forensic odontology among the dental teaching staff who are working in the dental colleges within the Delhi NCR. Materials and Methods: A questionnaire of 12 questions (both open-ended and close-ended) was prepared and the survey was conducted with 200 dental teaching staff. Results: A sufficient knowledge but poor awareness and interest among the dental teaching staff was observed. Conclusion: The study highlighted that although dental teaching staff themselves have sound knowledge regarding forensic odontology, their awareness and interest need to be upgraded on a regular basis. The success of acquiring such extensive knowledge would be valid if better job opportunities in these fields would be increased. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Journal of Forensic Dental Sciences is the property of Wolters Kluwer India Pvt Ltd and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Sahoo, K. C., et al. (2015). "Sanitation-related psychosocial stress: a grounded theory study of women across the life-course in Odisha, India." Social Science & Medicine 139: 80-89.
	While sanitation interventions have focused primarily on child health, women's unique health risks from inadequate sanitation are gaining recognition as a priority issue. This study examines the range of sanitation-related psychosocial stressors during routine sanitation practices in Odisha, India. Between August 2013 and March 2014, we conducted in-depth interviews with 56 women in four life stages: adolescent, newly married, pregnant and established adult women in three settings: urban slums, rural villages and indigenous villages. Using a grounded theory approach, the study team transcribed, translated, coded and discussed interviews using detailed analytic memos to identify and characterize stressors at each life stage and study site. We found that sanitation practices encompassed more than defecation and urination and included carrying water, washing, bathing, menstrual management, and changing clothes. During the course of these activities, women encountered three broad types of stressors - environmental, social, and sexual - the intensity of which were modified by the woman's life stage, living environment, and access to sanitation facilities. Environmental barriers, social factors and fears of sexual violence all contributed to sanitation-related psychosocial stress. Though women responded with small changes to sanitation practices, they were unable to significantly modify their circumstances, notably by achieving adequate privacy for sanitation-related behaviors. A better understanding of the range of causes of stress and adaptive behaviors is needed to inform context-specific, gender-sensitive sanitation interventions.

Sahramäki, I., et al. (2014). "Racist Crime Reported to the Police in Finland: Comparison of Register-Based Data and Victimization Survey." European Journal of Crime, Criminal Law & Criminal Justice 22(1): 59-78.
	It is estimated that one third of racist harassment incidents is reported in Finland. The percentage of all racist crimes reported to the police is presumably significantly lower. Even though crime reporting in general has been studied, there is fairly little research done on crime reporting of minorities. In this paper register-based data retrieved from the official Finnish police registers is compared with European Union Minorities and Discrimination Survey. The variables examined are age and gender of the victim and relationship between the victim and offender. Based on the data available the impact of these characteristics to exposure of racist crimes is examined by comparing the main differences between Somali and Russian minorities. The results indicate that only small part of the racist incidents is reported to the police in both minority groups and that lower number of racist crimes is actually reported to the police than victims describe in the victimization survey. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of European Journal of Crime, Criminal Law & Criminal Justice is the property of Brill Academic Publishers and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Saile, R., et al. (2013). "Prevalence and predictors of partner violence against women in the aftermath of war: a survey among couples in Northern Uganda." Social Science & Medicine 86: 17-25.
	Violence against women that is perpetrated by an intimate partner prevails as one of the most widespread human rights violations in virtually all societies of the world. Women in resource-poor countries, in particular those affected by recent war, appear to be at high risk of experiencing partner violence. Although there has been a longstanding assumption that organised violence at a societal level is transmitted to an interpersonal level, little is known about the link between exposure to war and familial violence. We conducted an epidemiological survey in 2010 with 2nd-grade students and their male and female guardians from nine heavily war-affected communities in Northern Uganda employing structured interviews and standardized questionnaires. The present study analysed a subsample of 235 guardian couples from seven rural communities in order to determine the prevalence and predictors of current partner violence experienced by women in the context of the past war. Study results revealed a high prevalence of ongoing partner violence experienced by female partners. In the past year, 80% of women reported at least one type of verbal/psychological abuse, 71% were exposed to at least one type of physical abuse, 52% suffered isolation and 23% fell victim to sexual violence. Findings from linear regression analyses showed that women's prior exposure to war-related traumatic events, women's re-experiencing symptoms and men's level of alcohol-related problems were associated with higher levels of partner violence against women. Differential effects of the predictor variables emerged with respect to different subtypes of partner violence. The findings suggest that partner violence against women constitutes a major problem in rural Northern Uganda. Programmes for the prevention and reduction of partner violence against women need to address high levels of hazardous drinking in men as well as women's prior traumatisation. In addition, different patterns of partner violence should be taken into account.

Salehi, M., et al. (2015). "The relationship between self-esteem and sexual self-concept in people with physical-motor disabilities." Iranian Red Crescent Medical Journal 17(1): e25359-e25359.
	Background: Self-esteem is the value that the individuals give themselves, and sexual self-concept is also a part of individuality or sexual-self. Impairment or disability exists not only in the physical body of disabled people but also in their attitudes. Negative attitudes affect the mental health of disabled people, causing them to have lower self-esteem. Objectives: This study aimed to examine the relationship between self-esteem and sexual self-concept in people with physical-motor disabilities. Patients and Methods: This cross-sectional study was conducted on 200 random samples with physical-motor disabilities covered by Isfahan Welfare Organization in 2013. Data collection instruments were the Persian Eysenck self-esteem questionnaire, and five domains (sexual anxiety, sexual self-efficacy, sexual self-esteem, sexual fear and sexual depression) of the Persian multidimensional sexual self-concept questionnaire. Because of incomplete filling of the questionnaires, the data of 183 people were analyzed by the SPSS 16.0 software. Data were analyzed using the t-test, Man-Whitney and Kruskal-Wallis tests and Spearman correlation coefficient. Results: The mean age was 36.88±8.94 years for women and 37.80±10.13 for men. The mean scores of self-esteem among women and men were 15.80±3.08 and 16.2±2.90, respectively and there was no statistically significance difference. Comparison of the mean scores of sexual anxiety, sexual self-efficacy, sexual self-esteem, sexual fear and sexual depression among men and women showed that women scored higher than men in all domains. This difference was statistically significant in other domains except the sexual self-esteem (14.92±3.61 vs. 13.56±4.52) (P&lt;0.05). The Kruskal-Wallis test showed that except for sexual anxiety and sexual self-esteem, there was a statistical difference between other domains of people's sexual self-concept and degree of disability (P&lt;0.05). Moreover, Spearman coefficient showed that there was only a correlation between men's sexual anxiety, sexual self-esteem and sexual self-efficacy with their self-esteem. This correlation was positive in sexual anxiety and negative in two other domains. Conclusions: Lack of difference in self-esteem of disabled people in different degrees of disability and in both men and women suggests that disabled people should not be presumed to have low self-esteem, and their different aspects of life should be attended to, just like others. Furthermore, studies should be designed and implemented based on psychological, social and environmental factors that can help disabled people to promote their positive sexual self-concept through marriage, and reduce their negative self-concept.

Salim, N. (2015). "An analysis of capacities for the practice of female circumcision among the Embu, Kisii and Somali communities in Kenya." Research on Humanities and Social Sciences 5(13): 1-10.
	The aim of this paper is to identify and discuss the capacities available for communities that still practice female circumcision can be persuaded to stop the rite of passage. This is based on a comparative study of female circumcision (FC) among the Embu, Kisii and Somali societies of Kenya. The study was both exploratory and explanatory in nature. The study adopted both quantitative and qualitative approaches for data collection. Comparative data was collected from women and men in three Districts, i.e. among the Kisii, the Aembu and Somali of Kenya. A total sample of 369 women was selected through purposive sampling. To complement the survey data, Focus Group Discussions (FGDS), in-depth interviews and case studies were also conducted. The study established that individuals become defensive when they feel their culture and personal identities are under attack. The fear of losing the psychological, moral and material benefits of "belonging" is one of the greatest motivators of conformity with the practice of FC. Arising from these findings, it is recommended that in order to promote balanced development in the embracing policy all country, an integrated and all embracing policy approach to the abandonment of the practice of FC should be incorporated into mainstream government work. Further, there is need for research on the existing legal, policy and institutional frameworks related to the abandonment of the practice of the female circumcision. There is also a need for broad-based education on FC, including issues of women's human rights.

Salinero Echeverría, S. (2015). "El crimen organizado en Chile. Una aproximación criminológica al perfil del delincuente a través de un estudio a una muestra no representativa de condenados por delitos de tráfico de estupefacientes." Organized crime in Chile. A criminological approach to profile of offenders through a study of a non-representative sample of offenders convicted of drug trafficking. 10(19): 25-55.
	This article based on empirical criminological methodology makes an exploratory and descriptive study of criminal organizations in Chile. For this, we do a survey of statistically unrepresentative sample of people who are in a chilean prison for a crime of Drugs Law, and determine the number of membership and profile of its members. The results show the high prevalence of illegal organizations and the nature transnational of the phenomenon. (English) [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
El artículo basado en la metodología criminológica empírica realiza un estudio exploratorio y descriptivo de las organizaciones criminales en Chile. Para lo cual, ejecuta una encuesta a una muestra no representativa estadísticamente de personas que se encuentran purgando una pena privativa de libertad en un recinto penal chileno por algún delito de la Ley de Drogas, y con ello determinar la pertenencia a este tipo de entidades asociativas y el perfil de sus integrantes. Entre sus resultados, destaca la elevada presencia de organizaciones ilícitas y la transnacionalidad del fenómeno. (Spanish) [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Política Criminal: Revista Electrónica Semestral de Políticas Públicas en Materias Penales is the property of Universidad de Talca and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Salmi, V., et al. (2015). "Correlates of immigrant youth crime in Finland." European Journal of Criminology 12(6): 681-699.
	Differences in the crime involvement of immigrants and the native population have been a major topic in criminology for decades. This interest stems from the fact that immigrants are overrepresented in the crime statistics of many European countries. Our study compares delinquency among native and immigrant youth in Finland. The analysis is based on the 2012 sweep of the Finnish Self-Report Delinquency Study (N = 8914). The results show that several forms of delinquency were more prevalent among immigrants than among native youth. Multivariate analyses indicate that routine activities and parental control were related to the immigrant youths’ higher risk of active delinquency. After adjusting for a wide range of background variables, the immigrants’ higher risk of delinquency decreased, but remained significant. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of European Journal of Criminology is the property of Sage Publications, Ltd. and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Salvatore, C. and G. Rubin (2015). "A Socio-Demographic Analysis of Responses to Terrorism." Journal of Homeland Security & Emergency Management 12(4): 941-966.
	Extensive research has found that there are differences in reported levels of fear of crime and associated protective actions influenced by socio-demographic characteristics such as race and gender. Further studies, the majority of which focused on violent and property crime, have found that specific demographic characteristics influence fear of crime and protective behaviors. However, little research has focused on the influence of socio-demographic characteristics on perceptions, and protective actions in response to the threat of terrorism. Using data from the General Social Survey, this study compared individual level protective actions and perceptions of the effectiveness of protective responses to the 9/11 terrorist attacks among Americans for demographic factors that have been found to influence fear of crime and protective actions. Results indicated that several socio-demographic factors including race and gender do exhibit some differences in perceptions of the effectiveness of responses to terrorism, although not all achieved statistical significance. Results are discussed in relation to their implications for criminological theory, security, and terrorism preparedness. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Journal of Homeland Security & Emergency Management is the property of De Gruyter and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Sampasa-Kanyinga, H., et al. (2014). "Breakfast skipping is associated with cyberbullying and school bullying victimization. A school-based cross-sectional study." Appetite 79: 76-82.
	Breakfast skipping is a health concern that has well-known negative consequences physically and psychologically. It is therefore important to understand why children skip breakfast. The purpose of this study was to establish whether the experience of bullying and cyberbullying impacts upon breakfast skipping and to further evaluate whether the inability for youths to cope with bullying victimization affects their mental health (depression), and in turn predicts breakfast skipping. Data were obtained from the Eastern Ontario 2011 Youth Risk Behaviour Survey, a cross-sectional regional school-based survey of middle and high school students (11-20 years old) across the five counties of Eastern Ontario, Canada (N=3035). Self-reported data about children's experiences of bullying victimization, breakfast eating habits, socio-economical status, depression, and other risk behaviours were analysed. Approximately half of the participants (50.4%) reported not eating breakfast on a regular basis: 26.3% and 24.1% reported often (usually eat breakfast three times or more per week) and frequent (usually eat breakfast twice a week or less) breakfast skipping behaviour, respectively. Victims of both cyberbullying and school bullying presented greater likelihood of often (adjusted relative risk ratio (RR)=1.55; 95% confidence interval (CI)=1.17-2.06) and frequent (RR=1.97; 95% CI=1.28-3.03) breakfast skipping. Mediation analysis further showed that depression fully mediated the relationship between school bullying victimization and frequent breakfast skipping. Moreover, depression partially mediated the associations between both cyberbullying and school bullying with frequent breakfast skipping. These findings highlight the potential interrelationships between cyberbullying, school bullying and depression in predicting unhealthy breakfast skipping behaviour in children.

Sanmani, L. and C. Chapman (2012). "Genitourinary medicine clinic policies on domestic violence across England and Wales: a postal questionnaire survey." International Journal of STD & AIDS 23(1): 51-52.
	Domestic violence (DV) is prevalent in the UK. There are no national recommendations for assessment of DV in genitourinary (GU) medicine clinics. Bournemouth GU medicine clinic has a referral pathway for victims of DV. A postal questionnaire survey was carried out to determine whether GU medicine clinics across England and Wales had local policies in place to assess DV and also to establish their views on routine assessment of DV within GU medicine. The response rate was 53%. Most clinics had access to patient literature. Only 20% of the clinics had a policy in place to assist victims of DV. Although over 50% agreed that routine assessment for DV should happen in GU medicine clinics, only 11% clinics routinely asked about DV.

Sano, Y., et al. (2016). "Correlates of Forced First Sexual Intercourse Among Women in the Philippines." Sexuality & Culture 20(3): 717-730.
	Forced sex has been identified as a public health and human rights issue. While a few studies have explored women's experiences on forced sex in the Philippines, their findings were largely descriptive. Using the 2008 Philippines Demographic and Health Survey, the current study examined factors associated with forced first sexual intercourse among Filipino women. Results indicated that Cebuano and Ilonggo women were more likely to describe sexual debut as forced than their Tagalog counterparts. Also, compared to those from the poorest households, women from richer households were less likely to report forced first sexual intercourse. Moreover, currently married women were less likely to report forced at sexual debut than never-married women. Finally, early sexual initiation was a risk factor for forced sexual debut. These findings have implications for policymakers and other stakeholders. Interventions targeting sexual violence against women in the Philippines must pay specific attention to ethnic and socioeconomic inequalities.

Santana, V. T. P. d., et al. (2019). "Profile of victims intoxicated by pesticides in the state of Rio Grande do Sul from 2007 to 2017. / Perfil das vítimas intoxicadas por agrotóxicos no estado do Rio Grande do Sul entre o período de 2007 a 2017." Publicatio UEPG - Ciências Biológicas e da Saúde 25(1): 50-64.
	Contamination by pesticides has attracted increasing attention in view of its consequences for human health and the environment. Looking at some problems associated with the management of these products, the present work is aimed to delineate the profile of the cases and victims intoxicated by pesticides, notified to SINAN, from 2007 to 2017, for the state of Rio Grande do Sul - Brazil. A retrospective, quantitative, descriptive, cross-sectional and documentary epidemiological survey of the occurrences was carried out. There were 1678 cases, reported more abundantly in the years 2017, 2016, 2015 and 2014 and in the months of November, January, December and February. The most commonly affected victims lived in rural areas, ranging in age from 20-39 years old, with complete schooling between the 5th and 8th grade followed by the 1st and 4th full grade, white and male. Most of the cases had accidental circumstances, followed by habitual use and attempted suicide. The exposure occurred most predominantly in the work environment and in an acute-only form. The cases had the final classification described more frequently as intoxication. The most frequent confirmatory criterion was the clinical, followed by clinical-epidemiological. The majority of affected patients were cured and stayed without sequels, however 41 deaths due to intoxication were observed. The cities with the highest incidence were: Bento Gonçalves, Cachoeira do Sul, Progresso, Venâncio Aires and Santa Maria. The use of pesticides is a socio-environmental problem historically conditioned by the country's development model, so it is essential that preventive measures be adopted in order to reduce the risks associated with this use and with health repercussions.

Santibanez, T. A., et al. (2018). "Do parents prefer inactivated or live attenuated influenza vaccine for their children?" Vaccine 36(48): 7300-7305.
	Objectives: To determine the proportion of children whose parents prefer them to receive live, attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV) or inactivated influenza vaccine (IIV), examine reasons for preferences, and determine what percentage of vaccinated children receive other than the preferred type of vaccine and why. Methods: Parental-reported data for the 2014-15 and 2015-16 influenza seasons from the National Immunization Survey-Flu (NIS-Flu), a random-digit-dialed, dual frame (landline and cellular telephone) survey of households with children, were analyzed. We calculated the proportions of vaccinated children aged 2-17 years whose parents preferred LAIV, IIV, or had no preference, and the proportions that were vaccinated with other than the preferred type of vaccine. Results: For the 2014-15 and 2015-16 seasons, 55.2% and 53.7%, respectively, of vaccinated children had parents who reported no preference for either IIV or LAIV. The percentage who preferred LAIV was 22.7% and 21.7%, and IIV was 22.1% and 24.7%. The most common reason given by parents for preferring LAIV was the child's fear of needles (70.9%) and for preferring IIV was belief that the shot is more effective (29.0%). Approximately one-third of vaccinated children whose parents preferred LAIV received IIV only. Conclusions: The main finding of this study was that most parents do not have a vaccine type preference for their children. The lack of overwhelming preference is advantageous for the maintenance of vaccination coverage levels during times when one vaccine type is not available or not recommended such as in the 2016-17 and 2017-18 seasons when there was a temporary recommendation not to administer LAIV.

Santos, A. J., et al. (2017). "Beliefs and attitudes towards the influenza vaccine in high-risk individuals." Epidemiology and Infection 145(9): 1786-1796.
	Societal and economic impact of influenza is mainly due to influenza infection of specific groups, who are at higher risk of health complications leading up to hospitalisation or death. In this study we applied the health belief model (HBM) to evaluate beliefs and attitudes towards influenza disease and vaccine in community-dwelling high-risk individuals (aged 65 or more or having a chronic disease). We conducted a mixed-method study using data collected through a telephone survey of a household unit sample. We used thematic analysis to map responses to HBM dimensions and Poisson regression to model vaccine non-uptake prevalence. The main self-reported reason not to take the vaccine referred to the susceptibility dimension: 'considering oneself to be a healthy person' (29.8%, (95% confidence interval (CI) 22.1-38.7)). Bad experiences after vaccination - barriers dimension - were also commonly reported (17.0%, (95% CI 10.8-23.8)). Vaccine non-uptake prevalence was 22% higher in those who did not consider themselves susceptible to contract flu (Prevalence Ratio (PR)=1.22, (95% CI 1.0-1.5)) and 18% lower in those who did not consider that the vaccine causes flu symptoms (PR=0.82, (95% CI 0.68-0.99)). Results suggest that high-risk individuals do not think of themselves susceptible to influenza infection and fear adverse events following immunisation.

Santos, J. A. d., et al. (2014). "The prevalence and types of bullying in 13 to 17 year-old Brazilian schoolchildren. / Prevalência e tipos de Bullying em escolares Brasileiros de 13 a 17 anos." Revista de Salud Pública 16(2): 173-183.
	Objective: Determining the prevalence and type of bullying in 13 to 17 year-old Brazilian schoolchildren and analyzing the associated factors. Methods: Simple random sampling was used for selecting 525 schoolchildren. Data was collected by a single researcher using the Training and Mobility on Research (TMR) model questionnaire on bullying. Students who admitted suffering this kind of violence three or more times during the year the data was collected were considered as victims of bullying. The data was stored in SPSS and analysed using the Chi-squared and Fisher's exact tests (p&lt;0.05). Results: The students' average age was 14.2 years old (±1.1); 54.1% of the sample was female. 23.6% of those surveyed were characterized as victims of bullying; most were aged 14 years old (27.3%), male (31.5%), in the 7th year of school (25.3%) and no difference was found regarding when they attended school (i.e. morning or afternoon sessions). However, an association was found between gender and bullying at school (p&lt;0.001). The most prevalent form of bullying was verbal (87.7%) followed by relational (37.7%) and physical bullying (19.7%). Conclusion: There was a high prevalence of bullying, boys being the main victims; the predominant type of bullying was verbal.

Sara Rekab, E. Z., et al. (2012). "Knowledge and attitude towards caring for HIV/AIDS patients among nurses at Golestan hospital, Iran." Healthmed 6(5): 1709-1717.
	Increasing number of people suffering from HIV/AIDS and it affects healthcare sectors. Nurses play a critical role in caring the HIV positive patients. People living with HIV/AIDS usually experienced excessive negative attitudes from health care workers in Iran. The aim of this study was to assess the knowledge and attitude of nurses related to care of patients with HIV/AIDS. This was a cross-sectional survey of 331 nurses from Golestan Hospital in Ahvaz, Iran. Self-administered questionnaire was used to determine the knowledge and attitude of nurses. The study showed a moderate level of knowledge among nurses (55.6% have good knowledge) which is significantly associated with nurses education background, nurses departments and having experience of caring for HIV/AIDS patients. Fear of contagion was great among nurses (76%). Slightly more than half of the nurses had unfavourable attitude towards caring for HIV/AIDS patients (53%). There were several areas of deficiency in knowledge and attitude towards caring for HIV/AIDS patients among nurses. Implementing specific and focused educational programme on HIV/AIDS for nurses is necessary in the health care system in Iran.

Sardinha, L. and H. E. N. Catalán (2018). "Attitudes towards domestic violence in 49 low- and middle-income countries: a gendered analysis of prevalence and country-level correlates." PLoS ONE 13(10): e0206101-e0206101.
	Background: Violence against women by an intimate partner (DV) is a serious public health and human rights issue. Attitudes justifying DV strongly predict its perpetration and victimisation. This paper presents gendered ecological analyses of the societal acceptance of DV in 49 low- and middle-income countries (LMICs) across geographical regions. Methods and Findings: We utilised data from 49 Demographic and Health Surveys conducted between 2005 and 2017, United Nations Statistics and topic-specific meta-databases. DV acceptance was measured as the justification of 'wife-beating' in at least one of five circumstances, and by the summative scale. Stepwise multiple linear regression examined country-level social, economic and political empowerment predictors of societal acceptance of DV amongst women, men, and the aggregate gender difference. Women were more likely than men to justify DV in Sub-Saharan Africa and South (east) Asia with societal acceptance of DV being more widespread in these regions compared with Latin America, the Caribbean, Central/West Asia and Europe. Political conflict and limited economic rights for women were associated with higher levels of DV acceptance amongst women and men. Men in more democratic countries were less likely to justify DV. Amongst women, higher national female literacy rates predicted lower levels of justification. There were higher levels of DV acceptance amongst women and a wider aggregate gender difference in countries with a larger representation of women in national parliament. Conclusion: Justification of DV is widespread amongst women and men in LMICs with acceptance rates varying across countries and regions. Gender differences in the impact of contextual factors on DV acceptance supports a gendered approach to national-level interventions. Our findings highlight the need for tailored interventions targeting DV acceptance in conflict-impacted societies. The emphasis of inter(national) policies on the 'empowerment' domains of widely-used gender (in)equality indices need to be coupled with strategies tackling discriminatory gender norms.

Sartorius, B., et al. (2015). "Determinants of obesity and associated population attributability, South Africa: empirical evidence from a national panel survey, 2008-2012." PLoS ONE 10(6): e0130218-e0130218.
	Background: Obesity is a major risk factor for emerging non-communicable diseases (NCDS) in middle income countries including South Africa (SA). Understanding the multiple and complex determinants of obesity and their true population attributable impact is critical for informing and developing effective prevention efforts using scientific based evidence. This study identified contextualised high impact factors associated with obesity in South Africa. Methods: Analysis of three national cross sectional (repeated panel) surveys, using a multilevel logistic regression and population attributable fraction estimation allowed for identification of contextualised high impact factors associated with obesity (BMI&gt;30 kg/m2) among adults (15 years+). Results: Obesity prevalence increased significantly from 23.5% in 2008 to 27.2% in 2012, with a significantly (p-value&lt;0.001) higher prevalence among females (37.9% in 2012) compared to males (13.3% in 2012). Living in formal urban areas, white ethnicity, being married, not exercising and/or in higher socio-economic category were significantly associated with male obesity. Females living in formal or informal urban areas, higher crime areas, African/White ethnicity, married, not exercising, in a higher socio-economic category and/or living in households with proportionate higher spending on food (and unhealthy food options) were significantly more likely to be obese. The identified determinants appeared to account for 75% and 43% of male and female obesity respectively. White males had the highest relative gain in obesity from 2008 to 2012. Conclusions: The rising prevalence of obesity in South Africa is significant and over the past 5 years the rising prevalence of Type-2 diabetes has mirrored this pattern, especially among females. Targeting young adolescent girls should be a priority. Addressing determinants of obesity will involve a multifaceted strategy and requires at individual and population levels. With rising costs in the private and public sector to combat obesity related NCDS, this analysis can inform culturally sensitive mass communications and wellness campaigns. Knowledge of social determinants is critical to develop "best buys".

Sato, M. (2012). "Auf dem Prüfstein: Die Umgangsweise der japanischen Regierung mit der Todesstrafe." Put to the Test: The Japanese Government’s Handling of the Death Penalty. 95(5): 363-377.
	This paper examines public attitudes to the death penalty in Japan, and explores the validity of claims about »majority public Support« that have been used by the Japanese government to justify retention. This is done by analyzing three public perception surveys on the legitimacy of the Japanese death penalty system. This paper criticizes the Japanese government for accepting its own survey results, which, at face value, appear to show support for the death penalty; moreover, it concludes that the Japanese public would likely endorse the abolition of the death penalty without damaging the legitimacy of state institutions (English) [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Diese Arbeit untersucht die Einstellung der japanischen Bevölkerung zur Todesstrafe und überprüft die Stichhaltigkeit der Argumentation der japanischen Regierung, nach der die Beibehaltung der Todesstrafe in Japan durch »mehrheitliche öffentliche Unterstützung« gerechtfertigt sei. Dazu werden drei Umfragen zur Feststellung der Meinung der Bürger Japans zum japanischen Todesstrafensystem analysiert. Der Beitrag wird darüber hinaus die japanische Regierung dafür kritisieren, dass sie ihre eigenen Umfrageergebnisse akzeptiert, die gemessen an absoluten Zahlen auf den ersten Blick eine Befürwortung der Todesstrafe durch die japanische Bevölkerung zu zeigen scheinen. Dabei gibt es Gründe zu der Annahme, dass die japanische Öffentlichkeit die Abschaffung der Todesstrafe wohl billigen würde und das Ansehen staatlicher Institutionen dadurch keinen Schaden davontragen würde (German) [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Monatsschrift fuer Kriminologie und Strafrechtsreform is the property of De Gruyter and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Savadogo, S., et al. (2017). "Plant characteristics, typology and functions of sacred woodlands in Burkina Faso. / Caractéristiques végétales, typologie et fonctions des bois sacrés au Burkina Faso." International Journal of Biological and Chemical Sciences 11(4): 1497-1511.
	In Burkina Faso, sacred woodlands are islands of vegetation preserved and managed by the customary authorities. To understand the plant characteristics, the typology and the functions of these sacred woodlands, a study has been carried out using ethnobotanical investigation along 32 ethnic groups and floristic surveys. Surveys show that in Burkina Faso: According to the incarnation of the sacred woodland, there are the fetish sacred woodlands, the cemetery sacred woodlands, the fetish-cemeteries sacred woodlands, the sacred woodlands of deities and the haunted sacred woodlands; Depending on the property, we can distinguish personal sacred woods, family sacred woodlands, neighborhood sacred woodlands, community sacred woodlands and woodlands of secret societies. They are dominated by the species such as Acacia erythrocalyx Brenan, Anogeissus leiocarpa (DC.) Guill. & Perr., Combretum micranthum G. Don, Combretum nigricans Lepr. ex Guill. & Perr., Balanites aegyptiaca (L.) Del., Khaya senegalensis (Desv.) A. Juss., Isoberlinia doka Craib & Stapf, Maranthes polyandra (Benth.) Prance, Daniellia oliveri (Rolfe) Hutch. & Dalz., Burkea africana Hook., Monotes kerstingii Gilg. The sacred woodlands provide to the populations several functions: ecological, religious, socio-cultural, magical and mixed. Among the sacred woodlands, only those which arouse fear among the population are well protected.

Schäufele, I., et al. (2019). "The role of species for the acceptance of edible insects: evidence from a consumer survey." British Food Journal 121(9): 2190-2204.
	Purpose: Even though insect products increasingly receive attention as a sustainable food alternative to meat, consumer acceptance remains low. The purpose of this paper is to test consumer acceptance of two different insect species with varying degrees of processing which led to different degrees of insects' visibility. Design/methodology/approach: Insect dishes that varied according to species and degree of visibility were presented to participants of a self-administered personal survey within a meal context. Consumer acceptance was measured through the willingness-to-try the different dishes, and a hierarchical linear regression was applied to estimate the role of insect species. Findings: Consumer acceptance can be improved by focusing on different forms of food processing and different insect species. The lower the visibility of insects, the higher the consumer acceptance, independent of insect species. However, this is not sufficient to overcome consumers' widely held rejection. Main barriers for consumer acceptance seem to be low social and cultural acceptance, fear of trying unknown products and a lack of taste experience. Originality/value: A huge body of literature has examined determinants of insect consumption, but the majority of these studies did not consider the effects of insect species. The study's main objective is to close this research gap while checking the most relevant individual traits as identified through a literature review: food neophobia and familiarity, social and cultural norms, awareness of benefits of insect production, meat consumption and socio-demographics.

Schmidt, A. J. and U. Marcus (2011). "Self-reported history of sexually transmissible infections (STIs) and STI-related utilization of the German health care system by men who have sex with men: data from a large convenience sample." BMC Infectious Diseases 11(132): (18 May 2011)-(2018 May 2011).
	Background: In Germany, testing and treatment of sexually transmissible infections (STIs) services are not provided by one medical discipline, but rather dispersed among many different providers. Common STIs like gonorrhoea or Chlamydia infection are not routinely reported. Although men who have sex with men (MSM) are particularly vulnerable to STIs, respective health care utilization among MSM is largely unknown. Methods: A sexual behaviour survey among MSM was conducted in 2006. Questions on self-reported sexual behaviour, STI-related health care consultation and barriers to access, coverage of vaccination against hepatitis, screening for asymptomatic STIs, self-reported history of STIs, and partner notification were analysed. Analysis was stratified by HIV-serostatus (3,511 HIV-negative/unknown versus 874 positive). Results: General Practitioners, particularly gay doctors, were preferred for STI-related health care. Low threshold testing in sex-associated venues was acceptable for most respondents. Shame and fear of homophobic reactions were the main barriers for STI Testing More than half of the respondents reported vaccination against hepatitis A/B. HIV-positive MSM reported screening offers for STIs three to seven times more often than HIV-negative or untested MSM. Unlike testing for syphilis or hepatitis C, screening for asymptomatic pharyngeal and rectal infections was rarely offered. STIs in the previous twelve months were reported by 7.1% of HIV-negative/untested, and 34.7% of HIV-positive respondents. Conclusions: Self-reported histories of STIs in MSM convenience samples differ significantly by HIV-serostatus. Higher rates of STIs among HIV-positive MSM may partly be explained by more testing. Communication between health care providers and their clients about sexuality, sexual practices, and sexual risks should be improved. A comprehensive STI screening policy for MSM is needed.

Schmoll, S., et al. (2018). "An internet-based survey of 96 German-speaking users of "bath salts": frequent complications, risky sexual behavior, violence, and delinquency." Clinical Toxicology 56(3): 219-222.
	Objective: To define the demographics of German-speaking "bath salt" users. Design: Prospective web-based survey of volunteer users of "bath salts". Subject recruitment/exclusion: Participation was solicited by posts in web forums frequented by users of synthetic cathinones. An invitation to participate was also disseminated via regional drug information centers. Responses were discarded if participants refused data analysis, provided incomplete surveys, were under 18 years of age (five cases), and in case of clearly improbable answers (i.e., two cases with profanity typed in free-form input fields). Overall 96 out of 180 participants provided complete questionnaires. These were further analyzed. Results and conclusions: 74% of respondents were male. 41% were under the age of 30 and a further 38% between 30 and 39 years old. Cathinones were used on more than 10 days in the preceding year by 62% of study subjects. The nasal and intravenous routes of administration were most often used. About 80% of respondents reported binge use. There were frequent co-administrations of opioids and opiates. The most common complication was prolonged confusion (47%). 16% had been involuntarily confined. One third had thoughts of violence and 16% acted on these thoughts either against themselves or others. About 44% reported high-risk sexual activity under the influence of cathinones. About 31% had driven or ridden a bike while intoxicated. About 6% had problems with law-enforcement for selling cathinones and 16% for crimes committed under the influence of cathinones. In conclusion, cathinone users are typically young males in their twenties and thirties. Most are experienced drug users, particularly of alcohol and opiates/opioids. The impact on society is tremendous as evidenced by high rates of self-reported violence, high-risk sexual activity, crimes, and traffic violations.

Schneider, H. J. (2010). "Die Europäische Kriminologie zu Beginn des 21. Jahrhunderts: Kriminalität, Kriminologie und Kriminalpolitik in Europa - zugleich ein Bericht über die Jahrestagungen der »European Society of Criminology (ESC)« in Ljubljana/Slowenien (2009) und in Liège/Belgien (2010)." European Criminology at the Beginning of the 21st Century: Crime, Criminology and Public Policy in Europe and Report of the Annual Meetings of the »European Society of Criminology« in Ljubljana (Slovenia) (2009) und Liège (Belgium) (2010) 93(6): 475-501.
	On the basis of eight annual meetings of the »European Society of Criminology« (ESC) a portrait of the European Criminology in the first decade of the 21st Century is drawn. The report has four parts. In the first part the crime situation in Europe is reviewed by consulting official crime statistics, victimization- and self-report-surveys. The second part goes into the European criminological research. On the basis of the developments in the criminologically leading European countries, the criminology in the United Kingdom, in the Netherlands and in the Scandinavian and German speaking countries, the progress of European Criminology in the 20th century is outlined. The European criminological research is illustrated by explaining the theoretical concept of the European Mainstream Criminology and by going into two examples of studies into the international Comparative Criminology. The third part is working on two problems which are essential for European public policy: legitimacy and Restorative Justice. In the fourth part some problems are discussed which played a role during the last two annual meetings of the ESC in Ljubljana (Slovenia) and Liège (Belgium). The dominating influence of US-American Criminology on European Criminology is clarified. (English) [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Auf der Grundlage von acht Jahrestagungen der »European Society of Criminology (ESC)« entwirft der Bericht ein Bild über die Situation der Europäischen Kriminologie im 1. Jahrzehnt des 21. Jahrhunderts. Der Bericht hat vier Teile. Im ersten Teil wird die Kriminalitätslage in Europa besprochen, indem offizielle Kriminalstatistiken, Viktimisierungs- und Selbstberichtstudien herangezogen werden. Der zweite Teil setzt sich mit der europäischen kriminologischen Forschung auseinander. Auf der Grundlage der Entwicklungen der in Europa kriminologisch führenden Länder, der Kriminologie im Vereinigten Königreich, in den Niederlanden und in den skandinavischen und deutschsprachigen Ländern, werden die Fortschritte der Europäischen Kriminologie des 20. Jahrhunderts skizziert. Die europäische kriminologische Forschung wird durch das theoretische Konzept der europäischen Mainstream-Kriminologie und durch die Beispiele zweier Studien der internationalen Vergleichenden Kriminologie verdeutlicht. Der dritte Teil beschäftigt sich mit zwei in der europäischen kriminalpolitischen Diskussion wesentlichen Problemen: mit der Legitimitätsforschung und mit dem Konzept der Restaurativen Justiz. Im vierten Teil werden einige Probleme erläutert, die während der beiden letzten Jahrestagungen in Ljubljana (2009) und in Liège (2010) eine Rolle gespielt haben. Der dominierende Einfluss der US-amerikanischen Kriminologie auf die Europäische Kriminologie wird deutlich. (German) [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Monatsschrift fuer Kriminologie und Strafrechtsreform is the property of De Gruyter and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Schneider, M. (2015). "War wounded and victims of traffic accidents in a surgical hospital in Africa: an observation on injuries." Prehospital and Disaster Medicine 30(6): 618-620.
	Introduction: Weapon injuries in armed conflict are likely to receive medical attention. Other types of injuries, like traffic accidents, continue to occur during armed conflict. Problem: Injuries caused by weapons and by traffic accidents require treatment, but reports and figures to help in prioritizing care are scarce. Methods: In a prospective observational study, all emergency patients admitted to the surgical ward in a public hospital of the Central African Republic were evaluated for the cause of their main injury. The proportion of patients injured by weapons and by traffic accidents was analyzed with respect to the level of violence. Results: Seventy-eight patients were included in this study. Weapon injuries accounted for 50 (64%) admissions and traffic accidents for 28 (36%). These proportions varied significantly according to the weekly level of violence (χ2=46.8; P&lt;.001). Conclusion: People injured in traffic accidents are an important, but overlooked, drain on surgical resources in low-income countries with armed conflict. Their proportion in relation to weapon wounded fluctuates with the level of violence. Humanitarian medical organizations might prepare themselves not only for weapon injuries, but also for wounds caused by traffic accidents.

Schneider, S. K., et al. (2015). "Trends in cyberbullying and school bullying victimization in a regional census of high school students, 2006-2012." Journal of School Health 85(9): 611-620.
	BACKGROUND: Schools are increasingly being called upon to address cyberbullying and its consequences. This study compares cyberbullying and school bullying trends and examines help-seeking among cyberbullying victims. METHODS: We analyzed self-report data over 4 surveys (2006-2012) from more than 16,000 students in 17 MetroWest Boston high schools. Using generalized estimating equations, we examined school and cyberbullying victimization trends by sex, grade, and sexual orientation. RESULTS: From 2006 to 2012, cyberbullying increased from 15% to 21% (p&lt;.001). In 2006, school bullying was 1.7 times higher than cyberbullying (26% versus 15%); by 2012, school bullying and cyberbullying were similar (23% versus 21%). Cyberbullying increased more among girls (17% to 27%; p&lt;.001) than boys (12% to 15%; p&lt;.001). There was no net increase in school bullying among girls (26% in 2006 and 2012) and a decrease among boys (25% to 18%; p&lt;.001). Sexual minorities were more likely than heterosexuals to be bullied at school and online at every survey. Only 33% of cyberbullying victims told an adult; more victims told parents/non-school adults (29%) than school adults (17%). CONCLUSIONS: Despite decreases in school bullying, cyberbullying rose steadily, particularly among girls. Increased attention to sociodemographic differences in bullying could promote help-seeking and positive online behavior.

Schröder, M. (2018). "Income Inequality and Life Satisfaction: Unrelated Between Countries, Associated Within Countries Over Time." Journal of Happiness Studies 19(4): 1021-1043.
	This article shows for the first time that people are less satisfied when inequality in their country is higher than before, but not when inequality in their country is higher than in another country. It distinguishes this between- and within-country effect of inequality on life satisfaction by using hybrid regressions with the World Values Survey, the British Household Panel Study, the Australian panel study of Household Income and Labour Dynamics, the Korean Labor and Income Panel, the Russian Longitudinal Monitoring study, the Swiss Household Panel and the German Socio-Economic Panel. That life satisfaction is unaffected by long-run levels of inequality, but by changes of inequality over time, suggests that life satisfaction researchers should focus on changes of inequality over time to understand its influence on life satisfaction.

Schulz, A., et al. (2016). "Online Sexual Solicitation of Minors." Journal of Research in Crime & Delinquency 53(2): 165-188.
	Objectives: This study examined how frequently online sexual solicitation of adolescents and children by adults occurs and what characteristics the perpetrators have using a novel methodological approach. Method: In an online survey, we investigated the frequency of online sexual solicitation exhibited by adult Internet users (N = 2,828), including a subgroup recruited on pedophilia-related websites. Perpetrators soliciting adolescents were compared to those soliciting children concerning solicitation outcomes (e.g., cybersex) and demography. Results: In total, 4.5 percent reported soliciting adolescents and 1.0 percent reported soliciting children. Most solicitors of adolescents and children were from pedophilia-related websites (49.1 and 79.2 percent). Solicitation frequently involved sexual outcomes (47.5 percent), which also followed nonsexual interaction. The minors’ age did not affect the odds of sexual outcomes. A substantial proportion of perpetrators were female. Conclusions: This study offers unprecedented data on the number of adults soliciting minors. Although adolescents were more often target of solicitation, the risk of sexual outcomes was equally high in solicitation of children, suggesting younger children to be considered in prevention efforts as well. Nonsexual interactions resulting in sexual outcomes need to be more closely examined to inform appropriate prevention efforts. Moreover, awareness should be raised about females as perpetrators. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Journal of Research in Crime & Delinquency is the property of Sage Publications Inc. and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Schumann, K. F., et al. (2009). "Cross-national Findings about the Effect of Job Training, Gangs, and Juvenile Justice Reactions on Delinquent Behavior and Desistance." Ländervergleichende Befunde zu den Auswirkungen von Ausbildung, Gang-Mitgliedschaft und jugendgerichtlichen Reaktionen auf delinquentes Verhalten und dessen Abbruch. 92(2/3): 308-325.
	In a cross-national study of delinquency in Germany and in the U.S. researchers of two prospective longitudinal studies, the Bremen School-to-Work-Study (1988-2001) and the Denver Youth Survey (1987-2003) created data-sets with some 90 identical or equivalent variables (e.g. delinquency measures, reactions of the Juvenile Justice System, background and control variables) covering the age-span between 16 and 23 years of the respondents. In comparative analyses the impact of vocational training and different sanctioning patterns on delinquency and the life course in both countries was studied. Also, gang membership and the context of desistance were examined. (English) [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Für die Vergleichsstudie von Delinquenz in Deutschland und den USA konstruierten Forscher zweier prospektiver Längsschnittstudien, der Bremer Lebenslaufstudie (1988-2001) und des Denver Youth Survey (1987-2003) Datensätze mit etwa 90 identischen oder äquivalenten Variablen bzw. Indizes (z.B. Delinquenzmaße, justizielle Reaktionen, Hintergrund- und Kontrollvariablen) für den Lebensabschnitt zwischen etwa 16 und 23 Jabren. Komparativ konnten damit die Effekte beruflicher Ausbildung und unterschiedlich schwerer Reaktionen der Jugendstrafjustiz in beiden Ländern auf die Delinquenz- und Lebensverläufe bestimmt werden; Themen waren auch Mitgliedschaft in Gangs und Kontexte von Desistance. (German) [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Monatsschrift fuer Kriminologie und Strafrechtsreform is the property of De Gruyter and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Schumann, L., et al. (2013). "Minority in the majority: community ethnicity as a context for racial bullying and victimization." Journal of Community Psychology 41(8): 959-972.
	The present study explored the relationships between individual ethnicity and community ethnicity factors and the prevalence of racial bullying. It was hypothesized that individuals belonging to the majority ethnic group in a community were less racially victimized than in a community in which they were minority members. Data were collected from 20,021 students in Grades 6 to 10 as part of the 2009/2010 Health Behaviour in School-aged Children Survey, from Geographical Information Systems data, and from census data. Community diversity was associated with prevalence of racial victimization, although relationships differed by type of religious organization. Those of East/Southeast Asian, Caucasian, and South Asian ethnicity were more likely to be racially victimized in communities in which they were the minority ethnic group than when they were in the majority group. The importance of considering ethnicity characteristics that are related to racially focused bullying in the community context is discussed.

Schwebel, D. C., et al. (2014). "Prevalence and correlates of firearm ownership in the homes of fifth graders: Birmingham, AL, Houston, TX, and Los Angeles, CA." Health Education & Behavior 41(3): 299-306.
	Firearms in the home are associated with increased injury risk, especially when loaded and unlocked. In this study, 5,010 fifth-graders and their caregivers in three U.S. metropolitan areas participated in the 2004-2006 Healthy Passages study on adolescent health. Firearm ownership and storage patterns were examined by four self-reported sociodemographic characteristics (child's race/ethnicity, child's gender, family socioeconomic status, and study site) and reasons for ownership. Eighteen percent (n=880) of the families reported firearms in the home. Families with African American and Hispanic children had lower odds of owning firearms than families with non-Hispanic White children. The most common reasons for ownership were protection from crime and hunting. Six percent (n=56) of the families with firearms stored at least one firearm unlocked, assembled, without a trigger lock, and with unlocked ammunition. Compared with families with non-Hispanic White children, families with African American children engaged in safer storage practices. Results can inform childhood firearm injury prevention activities.

Selwyn, N. (2009). "Crime and Prejudice: Exploring the Victimisation of Undergraduate Students." International Review of Victimology 15(3): 205-222.
	Whilst the area of young people and crime has been the focus of much academic research, the specific issue of the victimisation of university students has remained relatively under-examined. Based on a survey of 1,215 undergraduate students studying in UK higher education institutions, this paper examines the levels and nature of student victimisation alongside students' rationalisations for falling victim to crime whilst at university. These data reflect a sense that crime is an underlying feature of undergraduate student life in the UK, with just under a third of the surveyed students reporting being a victim of crime during their previous three-month term at university. Moreover, the qualitative data from the survey showed victimisation to be an often accepted element of student life. Whilst the data highlight some obvious practical opportunities for university and crime reduction organisations to address these patterns of victimisation, any significant amelioration will not be achieved without fundamentally changing undergraduates' expectations and understandings of the student lifestyle as well as the prevailing routine activities and 'student cultures' which underpin their often submissive responses to being victims of crime.

Senn, C. Y., et al. (2014). "Sexual violence in the lives of first-year university women in Canada: no improvements in the 21st century." BMC Women's Health 14(135): (5 November 2014)-(2015 November 2014).
	Background: Summarizes the frequency, type, and context of sexual assault in a large sample of first-year university women at three Canadian universities. Methods: As part of a randomized controlled trial assessing the efficacy of a sexual assault resistance education program, baseline data were collected from women between ages of 17 and 24 using computerized surveys. Participants' experience with sexual victimization since the age of 14 years was assessed using the Sexual Experiences Survey--Short Form Victimization (SES-SFV). Results: Among 899 first-year university women (mean age=18.5 years), 58.7% (95% CI: 55.4%, 62.0%) had experienced one or more forms of victimization since the age of 14 years, 35.0% (95% CI: 31.9%, 38.3%) had experienced at least one completed or attempted rape, and 23.5% (95% CI: 20.7%, 26.4%) had been raped. Among the 211 rape victims, 46.4% (95% CI: 39.7%, 53.2%) had experienced more than one type of assault (oral, vaginal, anal) in a single incident or across multiple incidents. More than three-quarters (79.6%; 95% CI: 74.2%, 85.1%) of the rapes occurred while women were incapacitated by alcohol or drugs. One-third (33.3%) of women had previous self-defence training, but few (4.0%) had previous sexual assault education. Conclusions: Findings from the first large Canadian study of university women since the 1990s indicate that a large proportion of women arrive on campuses with histories of sexual victimization, and they are generally unprepared for the perpetrators they may face during their academic years. There is an urgent need for effective rape prevention programs on university campuses.

Sevigny, E. (2009). "Excessive Uniformity in Federal Drug Sentencing." Journal of Quantitative Criminology 25(2): 155-180.
	The ideal of fair and proportionate punishment was a major impetus for federal sentencing reform. Observers of the current federal drug sentencing regime contend that the sentencing guidelines and mandatory minimums lead to the problem of “excessive uniformity” in which offenders of widely differing culpability receive similar sentences due to the dominance of drug quantity as a sentencing factor. This study investigates this phenomenon using the 1997 Survey of Inmates in Federal Correctional Facilities. Controlling for relevant offense, offender, and case processing variables, the analysis finds that the quantity-driven sentencing fails to account for important differences in offender culpability—resulting in excessively uniform sentences for offenders with highly dissimilar roles in the offense. The main policy implication of this research is that the central, organizing role of drug quantity in federal drug sentencing needs to be rethought. Indeed, effectively dealing with the problem of excessive uniformity will likely require the wholesale restructuring of how federal sentences for drug offenders are determined. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Journal of Quantitative Criminology is the property of Springer Nature and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Sevigny, E. L. and G. Zhang (2018). "Do Barriers to Crime Prevention Moderate the Effects of Situational Crime Prevention Policies on Violent Crime in High Schools?" Journal of School Violence 17(2): 164-179.
	This study investigates how barriers to school-based crime prevention programming moderate the effects of situational crime prevention (SCP) policies on levels of violent crime in U.S. public high schools. Using data from the 2008 School Survey on Crime and Safety, we estimate a series of negative binomial regression models with interactions to investigate whether the effects of SCP policies on violent crime vary by the presence of school-based barriers to crime prevention, such as poor teacher training, inadequate funds, and lack of parental support. Our results indicate that the effect of certain SCP policies operate differently depending on the presence or absence of specific limiting factors. Policy implications of this research suggest that schools can aid in preventing violent crime by addressing obstacles to the effective implementation of school crime prevention efforts. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Journal of School Violence is the property of Taylor & Francis Ltd and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Shah, N., et al. (2019). "Healthy lifestyle as a preventive measure against victimization among school-going adolescents." Eastern Mediterranean Health Journal 25(9): 604-612.
	Background: Bullying and violence are problems of aggression in adolescents. Healthy lifestyle practices are common health promotion approaches in school settings; however, their association with aggressive behaviours in school-going adolescents is less explored. Aims: This study examined the associations of healthy lifestyle behaviours including good hygiene, physical activity, recommended diet and refrainment from tobacco use with bully victimization and violence among adolescents. Methods: Data were obtained from the Global School Health Survey conducted in Pakistan (2009). The study population consisted of school-going adolescents aged 13 to 15 years. We constructed our final dataset using information from 4102 participants. Association of healthy lifestyle behaviours with bully victimization and violence experience were assessed using multivariate logistic regression. Results: Results indicate lower odds of being bullied (good hygiene: OR=0.62, 95% CI 0.50-0.76, P&lt;0.001; physical activity: OR=0.55, 95% CI 0.40-0.75, P&lt;0.001; abstinence from tobacco: OR=0.43, 95% CI 0.30-0.63, P&lt;0.001) and lower odds of violence (good hygiene: OR=0.68, 95% CI 0.55-0.84, P&lt;0.001; physical activity: OR=0.55, 95% CI 0.43-0.71, P&lt;0.001; abstinence from tobacco: OR=0.48, 95% CI 0.32-0.72, P&lt;0.001), after controlling for socio-demographic and potential confounding factors. Conclusions: Our study supports the significance of healthy lifestyle as a preventive measure against victimization. Anti-bullying programmes focusing on social-emotional skill development may also consider promotion of healthy lifestyle behaviours among adolescents, aiming at reducing victimization and its related consequences.

Shakeri, A., et al. (2014). "Epidemiology of suicide deaths in Fars Province, 2007-2011." Iranian Journal of Epidemiology 10(1): 56-64.
	Background & Objectives: Suicide is a conscious attempt to end one's life. Evidence suggests that nearly one million people die due to suicide worldwide each year. The aim of present study was to describe the epidemiological and demographic data of suicide victims and related factors in Fars Province. Methods: In this cross-sectional study, the demographic and epidemiological data of suicide victims in Fars Province during the 5-year period from April 2007 to March 2011 was collected by a questionnaire. Finally, the data was statistically analyzed. Results: The victims were 934 cases. The mean and standard deviation of age for the cases was 32.12±81.29 years. About 72.5% & 27.3% were men & women, respectively. The most common methods of suicide were hanging (n=472, 5.50%) for men and self burning (n=103, 16%) for women. Most of the people who committed suicide (n=411, 44%) were in the third decade of life (20 to 29 years). The most common etiology (53.5%) was unknown. Conclusion: Due to the high incidence of suicide in young people and unmarried individuals, authorities need to consider these groups in social planning in Fars Province.

Shawky, S., et al. (2009). "HIV surveillance and epidemic profile in the Middle East and North Africa." JAIDS, Journal of Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndromes 51(Suppl. 3): S83-S95.
	HIV infection is the most devastating infection that has emerged in the recent history. The risk of being infected can be associated with both individual's knowledge and behavior and community vulnerability influenced by cultural norms, laws, politics, and social practices. Despite that the countries in the Middle East and North Africa have succeeded in keeping low the HIV epidemic rates, the number of identified infected cases are increasing. Since the appearance of the first AIDS cases, all the national authorities devoted their efforts to abort the epidemic in its early stages. The rate of new HIV infections across the Middle East and North Africa region are not at an alarming level, but the need for a concerted effort from nation-states and nongovernmental organizations to stem the spread of the virus across the region is vital. Most countries of the region have put in place better information systems to track the HIV epidemic, yet the passive HIV/AIDS reporting remains the cornerstone in the HIV surveillance systems. Several countries still believe that their current strategies are optimal to the HIV status within their territories and that their national strategies are appropriate to their low epidemic status that is not expected to grow. Additionally, these countries fear that establishing an HIV national program to survey risk behaviors may be perceived as an approval of these behaviors that are culturally and religiously unacceptable. This background article aims to summarize the HIV surveillance strategies and epidemic profile in 17 Arab countries in the Middle East and North Africa. The article, also, displays the national surveillance system and the epidemic profile in Egypt and Lebanon as models for the region. This information aims to provide useful insights that may help the national authorities in finding out the best surveillance strategies that allow merging and collecting biological and risk data which is an integral part of their efforts to fight the HIV epidemic in the region.

Sheikh, S., et al. (2012). "Radiological preparedness-awareness and attitudes: a cross-sectional survey of emergency medicine residents and physicians at three academic institutions in the United States." Clinical Toxicology 50(1): 34-38.
	Context. Emergency preparedness has been increasingly recognized as important. Research shows many medical personnel feel unprepared to respond to radiation incidents. Knowledge and attitudes of emergency medicine residents and faculty are largely unstudied, regarding their abilities to provide care for radiation disaster victims. It is unknown whether receiving training in radiological emergency preparedness improves knowledge and attitudes. Objectives. (1) Assess the attitudes of emergency medicine residents and faculty toward a radiological disaster; (2) Assess knowledge gaps of emergency medicine residents and faculty regarding radiological emergency preparedness; (3) Assess the attitudes of emergency medicine residents and faculty toward different educational strategies. Methods. An electronic survey was sent to 309 emergency medicine residents and faculty at three U.S. academic institutions. Analyses were performed using SAS 9.0 software. Results. The survey response rate was 36.6%. Only 37% and 28% of respondents had attended radiological preparedness training in the preceding 5 years or any training in radiation detection, respectively. Higher proportions of trained physicians were: (1) more familiar with DTPA and Prussian blue; (2) more comfortable assessing, decontaminating, and managing victims of radiation incidents; and (3) more comfortable using radiation detectors than their untrained counterparts. Many respondents were unable to differentiate between contamination with and exposure to radiological material. Classroom teaching at the workplace and prepackaged educational materials were most frequently rated as the preferred educational method for radiation preparedness training. Discussion and conclusion. Our results suggest a need for additional radiological-nuclear preparedness training for emergency medicine residents and faculty. Training should include radiation detection, decontamination, explaining differences between radiation exposure and contamination, and teaching patient management, including DTPA and Prussian blue.

Shen, Y., et al. (2019). "What They Don't Know Says A Lot: Residents' Knowledge of Neighborhood Crime in Contemporary China." Journal of Quantitative Criminology 35(3): 607-629.
	Objectives: Our study questions the common assumption of random DK responses in criminology survey data and emphasizes the importance of understanding and handling DK for gaining substantive criminological knowledge. It examines the individual-level and neighborhood-level correlates of the propensity to give the DK response to questions on individual perception of neighborhood crime in Chongqing, China. Methods: We designed and conducted an original survey of 4839 residents from 100 urban neighborhoods in Chongqing, China in 2016. Random intercept hierarchical linear models were used to examine the effects of individual-level variables on uncertainty towards neighborhood crime and the effects of neighborhood social process variables, controlling for neighborhood composition. Results: At least in some instances, DK appears to be the most valid response, reflecting actual uncertainty and lack of knowledge about neighborhood crime. DK responses have substantive correlates at both the individual and neighborhood level. Of particular interest, neighborhood social cohesion is negatively associated with individual uncertainty about neighborhood crime, controlling for neighborhood composition. There is a significant interaction between neighborhood semi-public social control and neighborhood poverty in predicting DK. Conclusions: Understanding the meanings behind DK has important implications for whether to include the DK option in survey designs and how to handle DK responses in data analysis when they occur. When DK is a valid answer for many respondents, not including the DK option in the survey instrument forces respondents to choose a nonexistent answer, which can result in misleading interpretations. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Journal of Quantitative Criminology is the property of Springer Nature and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Shenghui, Q. and D. Oberwittler (2009). "On the Road to the Rule of Law: Crime, Crime Control, and Public Opinion in China." European Journal on Criminal Policy & Research 15(1/2): 137-157.
	Since 1978, the Chinese reform policy has brought fast economic developments and social change but also considerably higher crime levels. China’s rapid modernization has resulted in a situation of increased opportunities and Durkheimian anomie. The Chinese government responds to the worsening crime situation with punitive criminal sanctions, especially under the ‘strike hard’ policy. However, a punitive crime control ideology and repressive criminal norms are neither effective in stopping the crime wave nor in compliance with the aim to establish the rule of law. After examining the negative effects the strike hard policy has brought to the Chinese criminal justice, we present findings from a recent web survey among Chinese students in Germany (N=ca. 900). We use these data to explore the punitive attitudes, esp. towards the death penalty, among the Chinese young elite. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of European Journal on Criminal Policy & Research is the property of Springer Nature and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Sheridan, L., et al. (2019). "Problematic behaviors experienced by electorate and ministerial office staff: Results of and responses to a Western Australian survey." Journal of Threat Assessment and Management 6(3-4): 128-137.
	Little attention has been paid to harassing and threatening behavior experienced by frontline staff who are employed to support politicians. This survey-based study sought to (a) collect information on the work-life prevalence and nature of harassment and threatening behavior engaged in by members of the public toward the frontline staff of parliamentarians in Western Australia, (b) collect information on the impact of this behavior and responses to it, and (c) inform the improvement of procedures for fixated threat assessment and risk management designed to enhance the security of parliamentarians and their staff. Almost two thirds of the sample (N = 132) had experienced 1 or more of 19 threatening, harassing, and other concerning and intrusive behaviors. The behaviors most commonly endorsed included inappropriate telephone calls, loitering, unwanted approaches, and threats. Respondents reported a negative impact, including fear of physical assault. The survey findings provided the basis for a proactive approach covering aspects of physical, procedural, and relational security and psychoeducation. Reported behaviors of concern are now assessed by the Western Australia Fixated Threat Assessment Centre, and this article provides an overview of the relevant processes. (PsycInfo Database Record (c) 2020 APA, all rights reserved)

Sheriff, R. J. S., et al. (2015). "Risky driving among UK regular armed forces personnel: changes over time." BMJ Open 5(9): e008434-e008434.
	Objectives: To compare the prevalence of self-reported risky driving in a sample of UK military personnel at 2 different time points (2004 and 2009), and to identify the incidence of new onset risky driving and possible determinants of becoming a new risky driver. Methods: Data were used from 2 phases of a military cohort study investigating the health and well-being of UK military personnel between 2004 and 2009. Participants were included if they were undertaking regular (rather than reserve) engagements, had completed both surveys and reported being a driver at both surveys. Univariable and multivariable logistic regression analyses were performed to examine the relationship between risky driving status and sociodemographic and military characteristics. Data analysis was conducted in 2011. Results: The prevalence of risky driving reduced from 18% to 14%, over an average of 3.3 years. The incidence of new onset risky driving was 7%. Predictors for becoming a new risky driver were: younger age, not being in a relationship at phase 2 and harmful alcohol use. Those deployed after 2007 were less likely to become risky drivers following deployment, compared with those deployed before 2007 (adjusted OR 0.62 (95% CI 0.40 to 0.95)). Conclusions: The prevalence of becoming a risky driver appears to have reduced over time. This paper suggests a number of explanations for this reduction, including changes in the way that the UK military have dealt with road safety with the introduction of the road safety campaign (in 2007).

Shih-Ya, K. and S. Yuan-Chin (2018). "An Evaluation of a Community-Oriented Policing Program in Taiwan." International Journal of Offender Therapy and Comparative Criminology 62(7): 2016-2044.
	This study was conducted to evaluate the effect of a community-oriented policing (COP) by documenting results for 16 quantitative outcome variables, including crime incidents, crime clearance, residents’ subjective feelings regarding police performance and community safety, and job satisfaction among police officers. The statistical techniques used to analyze the data involved ARIMA interrupted time series, t tests, the Wilcoxon paired signed-rank test, and Pearson’s correlation. The quantitative results observed indicated that the program had a positive effect on resident’s perceptions for some police performance outcomes and for job satisfaction among police officers. However, there was only a minimal program effect on crime occurrence, crime clearance, and residents’ perceptions of crime. Using a combination of review of prior research and qualitative interview data collected from 10 local stakeholders, we provided insightful informed actor-based and temporal contextual explanations for the unexpected quantitative findings.

Shinew, K. J., et al. (2013). "Crime, physical activity and outdoor recreation among Latino adolescents in Chicago." Preventive medicine 57(5): 541-544.
	Purpose. The purpose was to examine how fear of crime, crime victimization, and perceived level of community incivilities are related to physical activity participation and outdoor recreation among Latino adolescents. Method. The study utilized a mixed methods approach that included 25 qualitative interviews and 390 school-based surveys collected from youth across three schools in Little Village, Chicago, Illinois. Results. Results showed that Latino adolescents who expressed greater fear of crime also engaged in less physical activity and outdoor recreation. There was no association between crime victimization and physical activity and outdoor recreation. Those who perceived greater levels of community incivilities also engaged in less outdoor recreation, but perception of incivilities had no significant association with physical activity levels. Interview data revealed most of the children believed crime was a serious problem in their neighborhood and it impacted their ability to be physically active and play outside. Conclusions. Fear of crime was related to lower physical activity and outdoor recreation. It is imperative that communities provide safe environments for children to be active. Increasing police and adult presence in parks and school grounds is recommended. Moreover, efforts must be made to reduce the gang problems in Latino communities.

Shiratani, K. N. (2019). "Psychological changes and associated factors among patients with tuberculosis who received directly observed treatment short-course in metropolitan areas of Japan: quantitative and qualitative perspectives." BMC public health 19(1642): (5 December 2019)-(2015 December 2019).
	Background: The directly observed treatment short-course (DOTS) is one of the most effective tuberculosis (TB) control measures worldwide. However, despite its aim of providing comprehensive and humanistic care, few studies have examined its psychological effects from the patient's perspective. Thus, this study aimed to evaluate the psychological changes and identify associated factors among patients with TB undergoing the DOTS program in Japan. Methods: This cross-sectional study recruited patients with TB receiving the DOTS program via 32 public health centers in four metropolitan cities in Japan. Surveys were administered to the patients and their attending public health or clinical nurses, who were responsible for their care and the DOTS program. Data were collected regarding the patients' demographic and clinical characteristics, post-traumatic growth (using the Post-Traumatic Growth Inventory-Short Form [PTGI-SF]), and medication adherence, alongside open-ended questions, from 2014 to 2015. Additionally, the patients' appraisal of the DOTS program's efficacy and nurses' assessment of the program's practices were measured using two original questionnaires. Factors associated with post-traumatic growth were analyzed using variable estimation, correlation analysis, and logistic regression. Thematic analysis was conducted on the open-ended responses. Results: Questionnaires were returned by 127 patients (125 valid answers); 98 (78.4%) of the respondents were men. Their mean age was 63.3 (standard deviation: 15.8) years. The mean PTGI-SF score was 21.7 (standard deviation: 11.1). The logistic regression analysis found that post-traumatic growth was significantly associated with the patients' appraisal of the program's efficacy (odds ratio [OR]=1.157, 95% confidence interval [CI]=1.026-1.304) and nurses' assessment of the practices (OR=1.307, 95% CI=1.065-1.603). In the qualitative analysis, "Non-acceptance," "Frustration," and "Anxiety" were extracted as barriers to treatment; "Fear," "Acquiring a partner," "Relief," and "Belief" were extracted as treatment drivers; and "Life changes" and "Rebuilding oneself" were extracted as treatment outcomes. Conclusions: The DOTS program in Japan improves patients' treatment adherence and leads to recovery and psychological growth. Even in other regions, it may be effective to incorporate this program's practices that place importance on partnerships with patients. It is also necessary to continue refined quantitative and qualitative evaluations.

Shlafer, R. J., et al. (2013). "The impact of family and peer protective factors on girls' violence perpetration and victimization." Journal of Adolescent Health 52(3): 365-371.
	Purpose: This study investigates whether family and peer connections and prosocial norms buffer adolescent girls' violence involvement and whether a youth development intervention augments the power of these protective factors in reducing girls' risk for violence. Methods: Data were obtained from 253 13-17-year-olds enrolled in a randomized controlled trial of Prime Time, a youth development intervention offered through urban clinic settings to girls at high risk for pregnancy. Participants completed an audio computer-assisted self-interview survey at baseline and 6, 12, and 18 months after enrollment. Protective factors included scales assessing family and peer connections and prosocial norms. Outcome variables were violence victimization and perpetration scales measured at 18 months. Results: Family connections and prosocial norms independently protected girls against violence involvement. Peer prosocial norms also served as a protective buffer against violence perpetration and victimization; however, girls with strong peer connections had higher levels of violence perpetration. Participation in Prime Time augmented the protective effects of family and peer connections on girls' violence victimization but not perpetration. Prime Time participants who had high levels of family connections reported the lowest levels of violence victimization at 18 months. Prime Time participants with strong peer connections trended toward lower levels of violence victimization than other girls. Conclusions: Results suggest that effects of the Prime Time intervention on violence victimization were optimized among high-risk adolescent girls with strong connections to family and peers. The intervention was most potent in preventing violence victimization among girls with strong prosocial connections to family and peers.

Shorey, R. C., et al. (2017). "Age of onset for physical and sexual teen dating violence perpetration: a longitudinal investigation." Preventive medicine 105: 275-279.
	Teen dating violence (TDV) is a serious and prevalent public health problem. TDV is associated with a number of negative health consequences for victims and predicts violence in adult relationships. Thus, efforts should be devoted to the primary prevention of TDV. However, only a few studies have examined when the risk for the first occurrence of TDV is greatest. Continued research in this area would inform the timing of, as well as developmentally appropriate strategies for, TDV primary prevention efforts. The current study examined at which age(s) the risk for TDV perpetration onset was greatest. Utilizing a panel-based design, a sample of racially/ethnically diverse high school students (N=872; 56% female) from the Southwestern United States completed self-report surveys on physical and sexual TDV perpetration annually for six years (2010 to 2016). Findings suggested that the physical TDV risk of onset was at or before ages 15 to 16 for females and at or before age 18 for males. For sexual TDV perpetration, risk was similar for males and females during adolescence, before uniquely increasing for males, and not females in emerging adulthood. Findings highlight the need for TDV primary prevention programs to be implemented early in high school, and potentially in middle school.

Shuttleworth, G. N., et al. (2009). "Ocular air gun injuries: a one-year surveillance study in the UK and Eire (BOSU). 2001-2002." Eye 23(6): 1370-1376.
	Aims: The vulnerability of the eye means that ocular air gun injuries figure prominently in the medical literature. This Study reports the results of the first ocular air gun injury surveillance study. Methods: Ocular air gun injuries were reported to the British Ophthalmic Surveillance Unit (BOSU; United Kingdom and Eire) for the period November 2001-December 2002 (13 months). Two questionnaires were used to collect demographic details, circumstances of injury, details of injuries, medical management and outcome. Results: A total of 105 initial and 99 follow-up questionnaires were returned. Eighty-six ocular air gun injuries occurred during the last 12 months of surveillance yielding a corrected, estimated incidence of 91-115 injuries/year. Injuries were most frequent in August/September, and 90% (95/105) of victims were men with mean age of 17.5 years (74% under 18 years). In all, 40% (32/81) of injuries occurred at home and 53% (43/81) in a public place. 23% (19/84) of injuries were deliberate, 66% (69/104) of injuries were severe and 20% (21/105) resulted in ruptured globes. In all, 54% (48/89) required hospital admission and 41 required surgery. A total of 11% (12/105) of eyes were either enucleated or eviscerated. Final visual acuity was ≤counting fingers in 29% (26/91) but &gt;6/12 (Snellen) in 65% (59/91). Moderate/significant cosmetic deformities were recorded in 10% (8/77) and restricted ocular movements in 5% (4/72). Conclusions: Ocular air gun injuries damage sight and leave lasting morbidity. The demographics and circumstances of injury are well documented with access to, and unsupervised use of, air guns, appearing the principal risks for injury.

Sibanda, E. L., et al. (2018). ""Well, not me, but other women do not register because..." - barriers to seeking antenatal care in the context of prevention of mother-to-child transmission of HIV among Zimbabwean women: a mixed-methods study." BMC Pregnancy and Childbirth 18(271): (28 June 2018)-(2028 June 2018).
	Background: While barriers to uptake of antenatal care (ANC) among pregnant women have been explored, much less is known about how integrating prevention of mother-to-child transmission (PMTCT) programmes within ANC services affects uptake. We explored barriers to uptake of integrated ANC services in a poor Zimbabwean community. Methods: A cross-sectional survey was conducted among post-natal women at Mbare Clinic, Harare, between September 2010 and February 2011. Collected data included participant characteristics and ANC uptake. Logistic regression was conducted to determine factors associated with ANC registration. In-depth interviews were held with the first 21 survey participants who either did not register or registered after twenty-four weeks gestation to explore barriers. Interviews were analysed thematically. Results: Two hundred and ninety-nine participants (mean age 26.1 years) were surveyed. They came from ultra-poor households, with mean household income of US$181. Only 229 (76.6%) had registered for ANC, at a mean gestation of 29.5 weeks. In multivariable analysis, household income was positively associated with ANC registration, odds ratio (OR) for a $10-increase in household income 1.02 (95% confidence interval, CI, 1.0-1.04), as was education which interacted with having planned the pregnancy (OR for planned pregnancy with completed ordinary level education 3.27 (95%CI 1. 55-6.70)). Divorced women were less likely to register than married women, OR 0.20 (95%CI 0.07-0.58). In the qualitative study, barriers to either ANC or PMTCT services limited uptake of integrated services. Women understood the importance of integrated services for PMTCT purposes and theirs and the babies' health and appeared unable to admit to barriers which they deemed "stupid/irresponsible", namely fear of HIV testing and disrespectful treatment by nurses. They represented these commonly recurring barriers as challenges that "other women" faced. The major proffered personal barrier was unaffordability of user fees, which was sometimes compounded by unsupportive husbands who were the breadwinners. Conclusion: Women who delayed/did not register were aware of the importance of ANC and PMTCT but were either unable to afford or afraid to register. Addressing the identified challenges will not only be important for integrated PMTCT/ANC services but will also provide a model for dealing with challenges as countries scale up 'treat all' approaches.

Sijan, P., et al. (2010). "Utilization of dental services in a field practice area in Mangalore, Karnataka." Indian Journal of Community Medicine 35(3): 424-425.
	The objective of this study was to determine the factors related to utilization of dental services in a field practice area in Mangalore, Karnataka, India. A house-to-house survey was conducted in Jeppinamogaru where dental services are provided for free. 182 adults aged ≥18 years residing in 158 randomly selected houses completed the questionnaires assessing their dental utilization behaviour. Of the participants, 65.9% were females and 34.1% were males with a mean age of 36.52±13.4 years (range 18-70). Majority were Hindus (59.9%), followed by Muslims (34.6%) and Christians (5.5%). 70.9, 24.7 and 4.4% had lower, middle and higher socioeconomic status, respectively. 28.6% (n=52) never visited a dentist, whereas 67% (n=122) visited a dentist only when they felt it was needed. 44% (n=80) had dental diseases, out of which 46.3% had not visited a dentist for that particular problem. The most common dental problem was toothache, followed by tooth decay, mobile teeth and bleeding gums. The dental visit experience for 41.22% (n=47) was very satisfactory. The frequently reported reason for not visiting the dentist in the past was "I haven't had any problems with my teeth," followed by lack of time and fear of painful dental procedures. Fear was perceived by more females than males. The pattern of visiting a dentist was significantly different among Hindus and non-Hindus. More Hindus were very satisfied with past dental visit than non-Hindus, and more non-Hindus were afraid during their past dental visit. Majority of them (75.8%) were aware that free preventive dental procedures were being provided at the centre. It is suggested that awareness on and motivation to use available dental services should be improved so as to have a socially and economically productive life.

Sikorski, C., et al. (2012). "Public attitudes towards prevention of obesity." PLoS ONE 7(6): e39325-e39325.
	Objective: To investigate obesity prevention support in the German general public and to assess determinants of general prevention support as well as support of specific prevention measures. Methods: This study was a cross-sectional analysis of a telephone based representative German study (3,003 subjects (52.8% women, mean age 51.9, s.d.=18.0, range 18-97 years)). Likert scale-based questions on general prevention support and support of specific measures were used. Furthermore willingness to take part in preventive programs and willingness to pay were assessed. Stigmatizing attitudes were assessed with the Fat Phobia Scale (FPS). Causation of obesity was differentiated in three dimensions (internal, e.g. lack of exercise; external, e.g. social surroundings; and genetic factors). Results: Obesity prevention was perceived as possible (98.2%), however, almost exclusively lifestyle changes were named. Participants with higher stigmatizing attitudes were less likely to believe obesity prevention is possible. The majority of participants would take part in preventive programs (59.6%) and pay at least partially themselves (86.9%). Factor analysis revealed three dimensions of preventive measures: promoting healthy eating, restrictive and financial, governmental prevention efforts. In regard to these, promoting healthy eating was the most supported measure. Higher age, female gender and external causation were associated with higher support for all three dimensions of preventive measures. Only for governmental regulation, higher age was associated with lower support. Conclusion: Obesity prevention support in Germany is high. Structural prevention efforts are supported by the majority of the general public in Germany. The vast majority proclaims willingness to pay themselves for programs of weight gain prevention. This could be an indication of higher perceived self-responsibility in the German system but also for risen "fear of fat" in the population due to media coverage. For Germany, the government and communities ought to be encouraged by these results to start the implementation of structural obesity prevention.

Silva, M. M. A. d., et al. (2017). "Characteristics of the violence and accidents survey conducted in Brazilian sentinel urgent and emergency departments." Epidemiologia e Serviços de Saúde 26(1): 183-194.
	The Violence and Accidents Survey Conducted in Sentinel Emergency Departments (VIVA Survey) is the sentinel surveillance component of the Violence and Accidents Surveillance System (VIVA). It was conducted for the first time in 2006 and again in 2007, 2009, 2011 and 2014. The sample is comprised of victims of accidents and violence treated in Emergency Departments linked to the Brazilian National Health System (SUS). The services are selected intentionally. This is followed by probability sampling of 12-hour shifts by conglomerates in single-stage selection. Data is collected by trained interviewers using a standard form. The variables include data about the service site, the victim, the event, injury and case development. The VIVA Survey provides key information for the implementation of policies for addressing violence and accidents as well as for health and peace promotion policies.

Simon, T. R., et al. (2018). "Injuries from physical abuse: National Survey of Children's Exposure to Violence I-III." American Journal of Preventive Medicine 54(1): 129-132.
	Introduction: Official data sources do not provide researchers, practitioners, and policy makers with complete information on physical injury from child abuse. This analysis provides a national estimate of the percentage of children who were injured during their most recent incident of physical abuse. Methods: Pooled data from three cross-sectional national telephone survey samples (N=13,052 children) included in the National Survey of Children's Exposure to Violence completed in 2008, 2011, and 2014 were used. Results: Analyses completed in 2016 indicate that 8.4% of children experienced physical abuse by a caregiver. Among those with injury data, 42.6% were injured in the most recent incident. No differences in injury were observed by sex, age, race/ethnicity, or disability status. Victims living with two parents were less likely to be injured (27.1%) than those living in other family structures (53.8%-59%, p&lt;0.001). Incidents involving an object were more likely to result in injury (59.3% vs 38.5%, p&lt;0.05). Injured victims were significantly more likely to experience substantial fear (57.3%) than other victims (34.4%, p&lt;0.001). Conclusions: A substantial percentage of physical abuse victims are physically hurt to the point that they still feel pain the next day, are bruised, cut, or have a broken bone. Self-report data indicate this is a more common problem than official data sources suggest. The lack of an object in an incident of physical abuse does not protect a child from injury. The results underscore the impact of childhood physical abuse and the importance of early prevention activities.

Simons, L., et al. (2013). "Parental support and mental health among transgender adolescents." Journal of Adolescent Health 53(6): 791-793.
	Purpose: Family support is protective against health risks in sexual minority individuals. However, few studies have focused specifically on transgender youth, who often experience rejection, marginalization, and victimization that place them at risk for poor mental health. This study investigated the relationships among parental support, quality of life, and depression in transgender adolescents. Methods: A total of 66 transgender youth presenting for care at Children's Hospital Los Angeles completed a survey assessing parental support (defined as help, advice, and confidante support), quality of life, and depression. Regression analyses assessed the associations between parental support and mental health outcomes. Results: Parental support was significantly associated with higher life satisfaction, lower perceived burden of being transgender, and fewer depressive symptoms. Conclusions: Parental support is associated with higher quality of life and is protective against depression in transgender adolescents. Interventions that promote parental support may significantly affect the mental health of transgender youth.

Sindall, K. and P. Sturgis (2013). "Austerity policing: Is visibility more important than absolute numbers in determining public confidence in the police?" European Journal of Criminology 10(2): 137-153.
	The recent deep cuts to police force budgets in the United Kingdom have reawakened longstanding debates about the effect of police numbers and organization on the crime rate and public confidence in the police. Whereas some claim that a reduction in numbers is likely to have a deleterious effect, others argue that raw numbers are less important than how the police are organized and deployed. By cutting red tape and focusing staffing reductions on ‘back-office’ functions, the argument goes, it should be possible to maintain a consistent ‘frontline’ presence, which is a key aspect of policing for maintaining citizen confidence in the service. In this article we use administrative data linked to the British Crime Survey in order to assess the relative importance of police numbers and police visibility in determining public confidence in the police. We find, as expected, that visibility has a significant and positive effect on confidence. However, we also find a significant and positive effect of police numbers over and above the effect of visibility. Moreover, because the extent to which police are visible in local areas is itself a function of the number of police employed, we find that the number of police has an additional indirect influence on public confidence through its direct effect on visibility. By implication, reducing police numbers is likely to erode public confidence in the police, even if frontline visibility is maintained through organizational efficiency. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of European Journal of Criminology is the property of Sage Publications, Ltd. and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Sindall, K., et al. (2012). "PUBLIC CONFIDENCE IN THE POLICE." British Journal of Criminology 52(4): 744-764.
	Empirical analyses of the causes of public confidence in policing have been based almost entirely on cross-sectional survey data, with a consequent focus on between-group differences in levels of confidence at a single point in time. Our aim here is to introduce a time dimension to this area of investigation. Employing repeated cross-sectional survey data from the British Crime Survey, we apply time-series regression methods to show how confidence in policing changes over time for the aggregate population. Counter to cross-sectional findings, time-series analyses reveal that confidence in the police is not related to aggregate worry about crime and perceptions of social cohesion, nor informal social control, but only to perceptions of crime and the property crime rate. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of British Journal of Criminology is the property of Oxford University Press / USA and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Singh, V., et al. (2015). "Physical dating violence among adolescents and young adults with alcohol misuse." Drug and Alcohol Dependence 153: 364-368.
	Background: This study determined prevalence and correlates of physical dating violence (victimization or aggression) among male and female youth with alcohol misuse and seeking emergency department (ED) care. Methods: Patients age 14-20 seeking care at a single large university-based ED completed a computerized, self-administered, cross-sectional survey. Measures included demographics, alcohol and substance use, mental health problems, health service use, peer influences, parent support, and community involvement. Bivariate and multivariate regression assessed physical dating violence correlates. Results: Among 842 male and female youth seeking ED care who screened positive for alcohol misuse, 22.3% (n=188) reported dating violence in the past year. Multivariate analyses showed variables associated with dating violence were female gender (AOR 2.17, CI 1.46-3.22), Caucasian race (AOR 0.59, CI 0.37-0.93), receipt of public assistance (AOR 1.82, CI 1.16-2.87), AUDIT Score (AOR 1.06, CI 1.02-1.10), older age of drinking onset (AOR 0.86, CI 0.77-0.96), suicidal ideation or attempt (AOR 1.95, CI 1.13-3.37), frequency of ED visits (AOR 1.22, CI 1.05-1.46), negative peer influences (AOR 1.05, CI 1.01-1.10), and positive peer influences (AOR 0.86, CI 0.80-0.93). Conclusions: Nearly 1 in 4 youth with alcohol misuse seeking ED care report dating violence. Key correlates of dating violence included alcohol use severity, suicidal ideation, ED services, and peer influences. Evidence-based dating violence interventions addressing these correlates are needed for youth with alcohol misuse seeking ED care.

Singleton, R., et al. (2018). "Young Africans' social representations of rape in their HIV-related creative narratives, 2005-2014: rape myths and alternative narratives." Social Science & Medicine 198: 112-120.
	Sexual violence is both a major human rights issue and an important driver of HIV infection in sub-Saharan Africa. While quantitative indicators of sexual violence have evolved to facilitate cross-national comparison and country-level decision making, qualitative findings typically remain constrained to single sites and populations. We analyzed social representations of sexual violence, specifically rape, in a sample of 1446 narratives about HIV written by young Africans between 2005 and 2014. The narratives were written at 5 discrete time points (2005, 2008, 2011, 2013 and 2014) by equal numbers of males and females aged 10-24 in urban and rural areas of Swaziland, Kenya, South-East Nigeria, Burkina Faso and Senegal. We combined three analytical approaches: descriptive statistics of quantifiable characteristics of the narratives, thematic data analysis, and a narrative-based approach. Violent rapes by strangers occur in all country samples, but in Nigerian narratives the 'immoral' behavior of female characters facilitates these attacks. Swazi narratives, in contrast, often depict familial rapes that include disclosure and service seeking as key components of the rape scenario. The social representations found in the narrative data reflect rape myths, which, at the socio-cultural level, serve to trivialize sexual violence by minimizing or justifying aggression, thus shifting blame to victims and absolving perpetrators of blame. Additionally, these social representations conflict with self-report data from Violence Against Children surveys conducted in Swaziland (2007), Kenya (2010) and Nigeria (2014) in that they depict perpetrators primarily as strangers or family members as opposed to romantic partners; however, social representations and self-report concur regarding barriers to disclosure and service seeking for victims. The Swazi narratives offer potential models for the framing of sexual violence in ways that promote disclosure and support for survivors and counteract harmful rape myths.

Skopik, F., et al. (2016). "A problem shared is a problem halved: A survey on the dimensions of collective cyber defense through security information sharing." Computers & Security 60: 154-176.
	The Internet threat landscape is fundamentally changing. A major shift away from hobby hacking toward well-organized cyber crime can be observed. These attacks are typically carried out for commercial reasons in a sophisticated and targeted manner, and specifically in a way to circumvent common security measures. Additionally, networks have grown to a scale and complexity, and have reached a degree of interconnectedness, that their protection can often only be guaranteed and financed as shared efforts. Consequently, new paradigms are required for detecting contemporary attacks and mitigating their effects. Today, many attack detection tasks are performed within individual organizations, and there is little cross-organizational information sharing. However, information sharing is a crucial step to acquiring a thorough understanding of large-scale cyber-attack situations, and is therefore seen as one of the key concepts to protect future networks. Discovering covert cyber attacks and new malware, issuing early warnings, advice about how to secure networks, and selectively distribute threat intelligence data are just some of the many use cases. In this survey article we provide a structured overview about the dimensions of cyber security information sharing. First, we motivate the need in more detail and work out the requirements for an information sharing system. Second, we highlight legal aspects and efforts from standardization bodies such as ISO and the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST). Third, we survey implementations in terms of both organizational and technological matters. In this regard, we study the structures of Computer Emergency Response Teams (CERTs) and Computer Security Incident Response Teams (CSIRTs), and evaluate what we could learn from them in terms of applied processes, available protocols and implemented tools. We conclude with a critical review of the state of the art and highlight important considerations when building effective security information sharing platforms for the future. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Computers & Security is the property of Pergamon Press - An Imprint of Elsevier Science and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Skovdal, M., et al. (2009). "Young carers as social actors: coping strategies of children caring for ailing or ageing guardians in Western Kenya." Social Science & Medicine 69(4): 587-595.
	There is a vast body of research on the impact of HIV/AIDS on children, but little which acknowledges the role of children in providing care and support for ailing parents or ageing guardians. There has been a tendency to downplay the active role and agency of young carers, with young carers often represented as victims of damaging circumstances that compromise their psychosocial well-being. To counter-balance this tendency, and to develop the critical trend that views children as social actors, we explore how young carers cope with challenging circumstances, often with skill and ingenuity, drawing on data collected in Western Kenya in 2007. Forty-eight young carers (aged 11-17) used photography and drawing to provide accounts of their coping strategies. They described 240 of the resulting photographs and drawings in writing. In addition, 34 individual interviews and 2 group discussions were conducted with children to explore the findings further and 10 individual interviews with local adults were conducted to elucidate the dynamics between adults and children. Our data revealed that young carers cope by mobilising social support, engaging in income generating activities and constructing positive social identities around their caring roles. We conclude that children's ability to cope is determined by the extent to which they are able to participate in their community and negotiate support from it.

Slegten, C., et al. (2019). "Sex differences in budgetary preferences among Flemish local politicians." Acta Politica 54(4): 540-563.
	Policy preferences have been shown to differ by sex within the electorate and among public officials. We explore whether—in a context of budgetary restraints—sex differences in budgetary preferences prevail among council members in Flemish municipalities. We find convincing evidence of sex-related differences. To fight a budget deficit, female politicians express a relative preference for increasing public revenues. Male politicians prefer to lower expenditures. Crucially, preferences also differ with respect to the nature of revenue increases and expenditure decreases. Once the option to increase revenues is chosen, women prefer the ability-to-pay principle, whereas men express a preference for the benefit principle. If, on the other hand, a decrease in expenditures is chosen, women prefer to narrow the scope of government intervention more than men, while men prefer a reduction in operating costs.

Slocum, L. A. (2018). "The Effect of Prior Police Contact on Victimization Reporting: Results from the Police-Public Contact and National Crime Victimization Surveys." Journal of Quantitative Criminology 34(2): 535-589.
	Objectives: This study explores the association between past-year face-to-face contact with the police and subsequent victimization reporting. It also examines whether this relationship depends on the type of encounter (citizen-initiated contacts, routine vehicle stops, invasive encounters associated with being a suspect), its perceived justness, or victim characteristics. Among victims who did not notify the police, the reasons behind this decision are assessed to understand the mechanisms through which police encounters are related to reporting.Methods: This research is the first to use longitudinal data that link the 2002, 2008, and 2011 Police Public Contact Surveys to the 2002-2014 National Crime Victimization Surveys. Multivariate logistic regression is used to examine the effect of prior contact on police notification among victims of personal (N = 1073) and household (N = 11,433) crimes.Results: Prior contact with the police has no main effect on the reporting of personal crimes; however, the negative effects of police-initiated and unjust contact are amplified for the poor and African Americans. The reporting of household crimes varies based on prior police experiences and whether they were viewed as just. Personal crime victims with invasive contact are more likely than other contact groups to attribute non-reporting to fear of reprisal.Conclusions: Using national data tells a complex story about how race/ethnicity, poverty, and recent experiences with the police interact to shape victims’ behavior. The intricacies of these findings suggest that efforts to increase reporting may need to be multifaceted and address victims’ concerns about safety and justness. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Journal of Quantitative Criminology is the property of Springer Nature and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Slovak, K. and J. B. Singer (2014). "School Social Workers' Responses to Victims and Perpetrators of Cyberbullying: Results from a National Survey." School Social Work Journal 39(1): 1-16.
	Although school social workers are likely to intervene with victims and perpetrators of cyberbullying, almost nothing is known about their intervention techniques. This study used a national sample of 302 members of the School Social Work Association of America to gather information about training in, knowledge of, and responses to victims and perpetrators of low, moderate, and severe levels of cyberbullying. Results indicated that school social workers' use of interventions increased when the perceived severity of cyberbullying increased. An ANOVA suggested that school social workers trained in cyberbullying were significantly more likely to use interventions with victims and perpetrators of high-severity cyberbullying. School social workers reported using more interventions as the severity level of cyberbullying increased. Training in cyberbullying has a significant effect on intervention with the most severe cases of cyberbullying. Additional research is needed to examine other interventions used by school social workers and to evaluate their effectiveness. Adapted from the source document.

Smirnova, M. and P. Scanlon (2017). "Experience and Cultural-Repertoire Based Avenues of Trust: An Analysis of Public Trust in Statistical Agencies and their Data." Social Policy and Society 16(2): 219-236.
	Declining trust in statistical agencies has recently complicated the endeavour to collect high-quality, timely data that are used to inform US policy and practice. Given this context, understanding how respondents choose to trust particular statistical agencies and their products is incredibly important. This article details a series of cognitive interviews (85) and focus groups (3) used to measure how the US public develops trust for statistical agencies, their statistical products and their use of administrative records. Results show that respondents use two models of trust in their rationale: experience based and cultural[FIGURE DASH]repertoire based. When respondents did not have experience with a particular institution and/or its product, cultural values including personal liberty, cost-savings and the promotion of social goods (for example, government-sponsored schools and hospitals) were found to influence their motivations to trust or distrust. As a result, appeals to cultural values may have the potential to increase trust among respondents. Familiarity with statistical agencies and their products may also increase respondents' levels of trust.

Smith, E., et al. (2013). "'Do I care?' Young adults' recalled experiences of early adolescent overweight and obesity: a qualitative study Open." International Journal of Obesity 37(2): 303-308.
	Objective: Individual behaviour change to reduce obesity requires awareness of, and concern about, weight. This paper therefore describes how young adults, known to have been overweight or obese during early adolescence, recalled early adolescent weight-related awareness and concerns. Associations between recalled concerns and weight-, health- and peer-related survey responses collected during adolescence are also examined. Design: Qualitative semi-structured interviews with young adults; data compared with responses to self-report questionnaires obtained in adolescence. Participants: A total of 35 participants, purposively sub-sampled at age 24 from a longitudinal study of a school year cohort, previously surveyed at ages 11, 13 and 15. Physical measures during previous surveys allowed identification of participants with a body mass index (BMI) indicative of overweight or obesity (based on British 1990 growth reference) during early adolescence. Overall, 26 had been obese, of whom 11 had BMI 99.6th centile, whereas 9 had been overweight (BMI=95th-97.9th centile). Measures: Qualitative interview responses describing teenage life, with prompts for school-, social- and health-related concerns. Early adolescent self-report questionnaire data on weight-worries, self-esteem, friends and victimisation (closed questions). Results: Most, but not all recalled having been aware of their overweight. None referred to themselves as having been obese. None recalled weight-related health worries. Recollection of early adolescent obesity varied from major concerns impacting on much of an individual's life to almost no concern, with little relation to actual severity of overweight. Recalled concerns were not clearly patterned by gender, but young adult males recalling concerns had previously reported more worries about weight, lower self-esteem, fewer friends and more victimisation in early adolescence; no such pattern was seen among females. Conclusion: The popular image of the unhappy overweight teenager was not borne out. Many obese adolescents, although well aware of their overweight recalled neither major dissatisfaction nor concern. Weight-reduction behaviours are unlikely in such circumstances.

Smith, E. P., et al. (2018). "Promoting afterschool quality and positive youth development: cluster randomized trial of the Pax Good Behavior Game." Prevention Science 19(2): 159-173.
	This randomized trial tested a strategy originally developed for school settings, the Pax Good Behavior Game (PAX GBG), in the new context of afterschool programs. We examined this approach in afterschool since 70% of all juvenile crime occurs between the hours of 3-6 pm, making afterschool an important setting for prevention and promotion. Dual-career and working families need monitoring and supervision for their children in quality settings that are safe and appropriately structured. While substantial work has identified important features of afterschool programs, increasing attention is being given to how to foster quality. PAX GBG, with its focus on shared norms, cooperative teams, contingent activity rewards, and liberal praise, could potentially enhance not only appropriate structure and supportive relationships, but also youth self-regulation, co-regulation, and socio-emotional development. This study examined the PAX GBG among 76 afterschool programs, serving 811 youth ages 5-12, who were diverse in race-ethnicity, socio-economic status, and geographic locale. Demographically matched pairs of afterschool programs were randomized to PAX GBG or treatment-as-usual. Independent observers conducted ratings of implementation fidelity and program quality across time; along with surveys of children's problem and prosocial behavior. Interaction effects were found using hierarchical linear models such that experimental programs evidencing higher implementation fidelity demonstrated better program quality than controls, (i.e., less harshness, increased appropriate structure, support, and engagement), as well as reduced child-reported hyperactivity and intent-to-treat effects on prosocial behavior. This study demonstrates that best practices fostered by PAX GBG and implemented with fidelity in afterschool result in higher quality contexts for positive youth development.

Smith, N. A., et al. (2019). "Keeping your guard up: hypervigilance among urban residents affected by community and police violence." Health Affairs 38(10): 1662-1669.
	Hypervigilance, a state of heightened awareness and watchfulness, is a consequence of violence that has been linked to adverse psychosocial outcomes. Although well documented in veteran populations, it remains poorly quantified in community populations that are exposed to high levels of neighborhood violence. In-person surveys of 504 adults were conducted in Chicago, Illinois, in 2018 to assess the relationships between hypervigilance and exposure to neighborhood violence, including community and police altercations. Exposure to police violence was associated with a 9.8-percentage-point increase in the hypervigilance score (on a 100-point scale) - nearly twice that associated with exposure to community violence (a 5.5-percentage-point increase). Among participants who reported having had a police stop, experiencing the stop as a traumatic event (defined as exposure to actual or threatened death or serious injury) was associated with a 20.0-percentage-point increase in the hypervigilance score. Scoring in the highest quartile of hypervigilance was associated with higher systolic blood pressure (an increase of 8.6 mmHg). Understanding hypervigilance and, importantly, its linkages with violence and health may help inform policing practices and health care responses to violence in urban communities.

Smith, P. H., et al. (2012). "Intimate partner violence and specific substance use disorders: Findings from the National Epidemiologic Survey on Alcohol and Related Conditions." Psychology of Addictive Behaviors 26(2): 236-245.
	[Correction Notice: An Erratum for this article was reported in Vol 26(2) of Psychology of Addictive Behaviors (see record 2012-09243-001). There is an error in the last sentence in the first paragraph of the Results section. The corrected sentence is presented in the erratum.] The association between substance use and intimate partner violence (IPV) is robust. It is less clear how the use of specific substances relates to relationship violence. This study examined IPV perpetration and victimization related to the following specific substance use disorders: alcohol, cannabis, cocaine, and opioid. The poly substance use of alcohol and cocaine, as well as alcohol and marijuana, were also examined. Data were analyzed from wave two of the National Epidemiologic Survey on Alcohol and Related Conditions (2004–2005). Associations between substance use disorders and IPV were tested using logistic regression models while controlling for important covariates and accounting for the complex survey design. Alcohol use disorders and cocaine use disorders were most strongly associated with IPV perpetration, while cannabis use disorders and opioid use disorders were most strongly associated with IPV victimization. A diagnosis of both an alcohol use disorder and cannabis use disorder decreased the likelihood of IPV perpetration compared to each individual substance use disorder. A diagnosis of both an alcohol use disorder and cocaine use disorder increased likelihood of reporting IPV perpetration compared with alcohol use disorders alone but decreased likelihood of perpetration compared with a cocaine use disorder diagnosis alone. Overall, substance use disorders were consistently related to intimate partner violence after controlling for important covariates. These results provide further evidence for the important link between substance use disorders and IPV and add to our knowledge of which specific substances may be related to relationship violence. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)

Smith, P. H., et al. (2012). ""Intimate partner violence and specific substance use disorders: Findings from the national epidemiologic survey on alcohol and related conditions": Correction to Smith et al. (2011)." Psychology of Addictive Behaviors 26(2): 254-254.
	Reports an error in "Intimate partner violence and specific substance use disorders: Findings from the national epidemiologic survey on alcohol and related conditions" by Philip H. Smith, Gregory G. Homish, Kenneth E. Leonard and Jack R. Cornelius (Psychology of Addictive Behaviors, Advanced Online Publication, Aug 8, 2011, np). There is an error in the last sentence in the first paragraph of the Results section. The corrected sentence is presented in the erratum. (The following abstract of the original article appeared in record 2011-16753-001.) The association between substance use and intimate partner violence (IPV) is robust. It is less clear how the use of specific substances relates to relationship violence. This study examined IPV perpetration and victimization related to the following specific substance use disorders: alcohol, cannabis, cocaine, and opioid. The poly substance use of alcohol and cocaine, as well as alcohol and marijuana, were also examined. Data were analyzed from wave two of the National Epidemiologic Survey on Alcohol and Related Conditions (2004–2005). Associations between substance use disorders and IPV were tested using logistic regression models while controlling for important covariates and accounting for the complex survey design. Alcohol use disorders and cocaine use disorders were most strongly associated with IPV perpetration, while cannabis use disorders and opioid use disorders were most strongly associated with IPV victimization. A diagnosis of both an alcohol use disorder and cannabis use disorder decreased the likelihood of IPV perpetration compared to each individual substance use disorder. A diagnosis of both an alcohol use disorder and cocaine use disorder increased likelihood of reporting IPV perpetration compared with alcohol use disorders alone but decreased likelihood of perpetration compared with a cocaine use disorder diagnosis alone. Overall, substance use disorders were consistently related to intimate partner violence after controlling for important covariates. These results provide further evidence for the important link between substance use disorders and IPV and add to our knowledge of which specific substances may be related to relationship violence. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)

Smith, P. K., et al. (2019). "Consistency of gender differences in bullying in cross-cultural surveys." Aggression & Violent Behavior 45: 33-40.
	Many studies have reported on gender differences in bully and victim rates, but with the majority of reports from a small number of countries. Here we report on such gender differences from five large cross-national data bases. We report on overall male:female (M:F) ratios, and variations in these by age (or grade), by survey time point, and by offline/online bullying. We also compare consistency of M:F ratios across countries, over the five surveys. The preponderance of male perpetrators of bullying is found consistently across surveys, and survey time point. It is also consistent by age, but HBSC data suggest a curvilinear trend in early adolescence. Males also tend to more frequently be victims of bullying, consistent across age and survey time point, but with variations by survey. There is some indication of a decrease in M:F ratio recently in mid-adolescence, possibly related to online bullying. At least relatively, females are more involved as victims of online than offline bullying. Comparing recent findings on M:F ratio across countries for the five surveys, correlations vary from high to near zero. Implications for the explanation of gender differences in different countries, the comparability of data from different surveys, and for gender-specific interventions, are discussed. Highlights • Males are consistently more frequently perpetrators of bullying, but this male preponderance is reduced in early adolescence. • Males tend to more frequently be victims of bullying, but with variations by survey. • The male preponderance in being a victim of bullying may be decreasing recently in mid-adolescence. • At least relatively, females are more involved as victims of online than offline bullying. • Variations by country in male:female ratios of being a victim are considerable. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Aggression & Violent Behavior is the property of Pergamon Press - An Imprint of Elsevier Science and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Smith, S. G. and M. J. Breiding (2011). "Chronic disease and health behaviours linked to experiences of non-consensual sex among women and men." Public Health 125(9): 653-659.
	Objectives: Few studies have examined the association between non-consensual sex and health indicators for both women and men. The current study examined this relationship as part of a large public health survey that collected information on a range of health behaviours and health risks. Methods: The Behavioural Risk Factor Surveillance System (BRFSS) is an annual random-digit-dialled telephone survey providing surveillance of health behaviours and health risks among US adults. In 2005, an optional module on sexual violence was available for use at the discretion of each US state/territory. Over 115,000 respondents in 25 states/territories were administered the sexual violence module within the BRFSS. Logistic regression analyses were conducted from January to December 2008. Results: Among both women and men, previous non-consensual sex was associated with health conditions such as high cholesterol, stroke and heart disease, and risk behaviours such as human immunodeficiency virus risk factors, smoking and excessive drinking. Sexually victimized women were more likely to report having had a heart attack or heart disease than non-victims. Conclusions: The experience of non-consensual sex is associated with a number of chronic disease outcomes and risk factors. The development and implementation of effective sexual violence prevention strategies may reduce the risk of chronic conditions among persons who have experienced sexual victimisation.

Smykla, J. O., et al. (2016). "Police Body-Worn Cameras: Perceptions of Law Enforcement Leadership." American Journal of Criminal Justice : AJCJ 41(3): 424-443.
	Many people are enthusiastic about the potential benefits of police body-worn cameras (BWC). Despite this enthusiasm, however, there has been no research on law enforcement command staff perceptions of BWCs. Given the importance that law enforcement leadership plays in the decision to adopt and implement BWCs, it is necessary to assess their perceptions. This is the first study to measure law enforcement leadership attitudes toward BWCs. The study relies on data collected from surveys administered to command staff representing local, state and federal law enforcement agencies in a large southern county. Among the major perceptual findings are that command staff believe BWCs will impact police officers' decisions to use force in encounters with citizens and police will be more reluctant to use necessary force in encounters with the public. Respondents also believe that use of BWCs is supported by the public because society does not trust police, media will use BWC data to embarrass police, and pressure to implement BWCs comes from the media. Perceptions of the impact of BWCs on safety, privacy, and police effectiveness are also discussed.

Snoeren, F., et al. (2013). "Design of a prospective study on mental health and quality of life of maltreated children (aged 5-16 years) after a report to an advice and reporting center on child abuse and neglect." BMC public health 13(942): (9 October 2013)-(2019 October 2013).
	Background: Child maltreatment is recognized as a widespread problem with huge implications for mental health and quality of life. Studies have repeatedly shown that victims of child maltreatment report significantly more adverse life outcomes than non-victims. The main objective of the study is (1) to examine the mental health and quality of life of maltreated children over a 1.5 year period beginning shortly after a report has been filed with an Advies-en Meldpunt Kindermishandeling (AMK) (advice and reporting center on child abuse and neglect). Secondary objectives are: (2) to examine how relevant determinants influence the mental health and quality of life of maltreated children, and (3) to examine differences in mental health and quality of life outcomes when comparing families of Dutch origin with families originating from Morocco and Suriname. Methods/design: A prospective study will be performed, in which parent-child dyads will be followed over a 1.5 year period. Participants will be recruited shortly after the report to the AMK and they will be asked to complete a questionnaire four times, at baseline and every six months thereafter. Data will be analyzed using a longitudinal multi-level analysis. Discussion: The study is expected to yield evidence about the mental health and quality of life of maltreated children and about determinants that influence their mental health and quality of life outcomes. Strengths of this study are (1) the design which makes it possible to start examining outcomes shortly after or even during the actual maltreatment and to follow parent-child dyads for 1.5 years, and (2) asking children as informants about their own situation by making use of self-report questionnaires as much as possible. Limitations include the risks of selection bias and loss to follow-up during 1.5 years of data collection.

Sofer, S., et al. (2013). "The importance of early bedside echocardiography in children with scorpion envenomation." Toxicon 68: 1-8.
	Scorpion sting may cause myocardial injury and heart failure (HF). Clinical signs of failure may develop several hours or even days after the sting, while electrocardiography (ECG) and blood examination soon after the sting may be normal. We sought to examine whether normal echocardiographic (echo) examination performed shortly after hospital arrival would exclude subsequent HF. We also sought to check if blood troponin and natriuretic peptide values measured shortly after arrival may predict or exclude subsequent HF. Natriuretic peptide activities have not been measured in scorpion sting victims. We also wanted to check if HF occurs in envenomated young infants. In a 3-year prospective study we looked at the demographic, clinical, laboratory, ECG, and echo data of all patients with general envenomation who arrived at the emergency department (ED) after scorpion sting. Clinical, laboratory, ECG, and echo results on arrival and 24 h after arrival were checked and compared between groups of patients with normal and abnormal echo on arrival. We then looked for differences in clinical course, therapy, and outcome between groups. The study included 98 children aged 80 days to 19 years (median 53.1 months), 25 were below the age of 2 years. Envenomation by the "yellow scorpion" Leiurus quinquestriatus was suspected in 74 cases. Median time between sting and ED arrival was 80 min. Echo was performed on arrival in 93 of the 98 patients, (in 5 occasions it was not performed or not recorded) 74 were normal and 19 were abnormal. Abnormal echo included hypokinesia and low fractional shortening and ejection fraction of the left ventricle. Clinical signs, abnormal ECG, and laboratory results were not discriminative between groups on arrival. Mean troponin T was higher in patients with abnormal echo, but within normal range in 13 of the 19 patients with abnormal echo and above normal in 2 of the 74 patients with normal echo-missing sensitivity and specificity. Mean N-terminal pro B-type natriuretic peptide was above normal in both groups but within normal range in 5 patients with abnormal echo and above normal range in 24 patients with normal echo-missing sensitivity and specificity. None of the patients with normal echo had subsequent HF and none of the children younger than 2 years of age had HF. All patients survived the intoxication and were discharged home without sequel. We conclude that early echo examination is an important procedure. In our study, normal examination excluded subsequent HF. Abnormal examination accelerated cardiac therapy which might have contributed to our favorable outcome. HF did not occur in infants younger than two years of age.

Sofeu, C. L., et al. (2018). "Improving systematic rabies surveillance in Cameroon: a pilot initiative and results for 2014-2016." PLoS Neglected Tropical Diseases 12(9): e0006597-e0006597.
	Canine rabies is endemic in Cameroon, but human rabies exposures and cases are likely underreported because of inadequate surveillance. In 2014, the surveillance network in the West region of Cameroon was reinforced by introducing a new anti-rabies center, a framework for data collection and evaluation, provisions for sample collecting and laboratory confirmation, and training for health professionals. The objective of this observational cohort study was to describe the incidence and characteristics of reported exposures and human and animal rabies cases following this reinforcement of the existing rabies surveillance system. The surveillance network consisted of local, regional, and national health and veterinary authorities in 11 of the 20 West region districts, and was completely integrated within the existing national rabies surveillance network. Animal exposures and suspected rabies exposures, the suspected rabid animals involved, and laboratory confirmation of human and animal rabies cases were recorded in a centralized information database. Between January 2014 and June 2016, the network recorded 1340 animal exposure cases for an overall incidence rate of 38.2 animal exposures per 100,000 people, four confirmed rabies-positive animals, and one confirmed human rabies case out of four clinically suspected cases. In contrast, 62 animal exposures and an overall incidence rate of 6.1 exposures per 100,000 people were reported for the West region districts not participating in the reinforced surveillance. Of the 925 animal exposure victims for whom a detailed case report form was completed, 703 were considered to be at risk of rabies and only 428 (61%) of these received any post-exposure prophylaxis in the form of rabies vaccine. Obstacles encountered within the network included low rates of animal sample submission and animal follow-up by veterinarians. Reinforced rabies surveillance in the West region of Cameroon has provided the most accurate estimate of the region's disease and exposure burdens to date, and indicates that animal exposures are substantially underreported. The reinforced network also signaled that greater access to post-exposure prophylaxis is needed. Integration of regions not covered by the surveillance network and efforts to improve engagement of veterinary services will be needed to reveal the true burden of rabies in Cameroon.

Sohn, K. (2016). "Height and Happiness in a Developing Country." Journal of Happiness Studies 17(1): 1-23.
	This paper analyzes the Indonesian Family Life Survey to estimate the relationship between Height and Happiness in a Developing Country, Indonesia. This paper finds that tall men and women are happier than their short counterparts and that the magnitude of the relationship is large. More important, a parsimonious set of channels is identified to substantially explain the relationship between height and happiness: education and earnings for men, and education and relative position of earnings for women. However, for men but not for women, height still exhibits a non-negligible relationship with happiness even after controlling for an extensive array of covariates.

Sonik, A., et al. (2010). "Follow-up skeletal surveys for suspected non-accidental trauma: Can a more limited survey be performed without compromising diagnostic information." Child Abuse & Neglect 34(10): 804-806.
	Follow-up skeletal surveys have been shown to improve the rate of fracture detection in suspected cases of non-accidental trauma (NAT). As these studies are performed in a particularly radiosensitive population, it is important to evaluate if all of the (approximately 20) radiographs obtained at repeat skeletal survey are clinically useful. Our goal was to evaluate if certain radiographs can be excluded at follow-up skeletal survey without compromising the clinical efficacy. This retrospective study included 22 cases of suspected NAT (average age 3.8 months, range 0.7-15 months) in which patients received both initial and follow-up bone surveys. The follow-up survey was performed an average of 16.7 days (range 11-29 days) after the initial survey. Radiographs were reviewed by 2 pediatric radiologists, with discrepancies resolved by consensus. In addition, we combined our data with data from all known previously published reports of follow-up skeletal surveys for NAT for meta-analysis. A total of 36 fractures were found on the initial bone survey in 16/22 patients (73%). Six patients had no fractures detected at initial survey. Follow-up bone surveys demonstrated an additional 3 fractures (2 extremities and 1 rib) in 3/22 cases (14%); 1 was in a patient whose initial survey was negative. No additional fractures in the skull, spine, pelvis, feet, or hands were detected in any case. In combination with patients reported in the literature (194 patients total) no new fracture of the skull, spine, pelvis, or hands was detected at follow-up survey. The skull, spine and pelvis radiographs are the highest dose-exposure studies of the skeletal survey. If no injury is detected or suspected in the pelvis, spine, hands, or skull at initial bone survey for suspected NAT, a limited follow-up skeletal survey which excludes the pelvis, lateral spine, hands, and skull should be considered to limit radiation exposure without limiting diagnostic information. [Copyright Elsevier Ltd.]

Soon, J. M., et al. (2019). "Food fraud vulnerability assessment tools used in food industry." Food Control 101: 225-232.
	In recent years, the issue of food fraud has become both widely discussed within the food industry and seemingly more prevalent, with incidents happening worldwide. The purpose of this study was to investigate the use of different types of anti-fraud tools within the UK food industry. The study utilised an online survey questionnaire and food manufacturing companies were invited to participate in the study via email and calls for participation through industry networks i.e. Food Integrity Intelligence Network (FIIN), the Federation of Bakers and the Food and Drink Federation. Nineteen food manufacturers returned the completed survey. Of the food businesses surveyed, most used their own in-house food fraud vulnerability assessment (FFVA) tools followed by the Campden Threat Assessment and Critical Control Point (TACCP). Campden TACCP is the evaluation of threats, identification of vulnerabilities and implementation of controls of the entire production process. The threats controlled by TACCP include economically motivated adulteration (EMA) and malicious contamination. Around one third of the companies reported being victims of food fraud. Food manufacturers were divided about the impact of conducting food fraud vulnerability assessments. Half of the food manufacturers were optimistic about the impact of FFVA whilst the rest were uncertain or negative. Positive impacts include raising awareness and ensuring integrity of food supply chain whilst negative views were associated with cost and concerns for brand reputation. The adoption and conduct of FFVA is still at its infancy and the full impact remains to be seen. However, with time and constant vigilance from the food industry, FFVA will benefit the sector and the safety and integrity of the food supply chain.

Sorensen, J. A., et al. (2019). "Lifejackets and lobstermen: giving safety equipment a competitive advantage." Journal of Agromedicine 24(4): 381-390.
	Background: Falls overboard are the most frequent cause of death in the Northeast lobster fishing industry. National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health (NIOSH) surveillance indicates every victim of a fall overboard who has been found was not wearing a lifejacket. Preliminary research conducted in Maine and Massachusetts indicates lifejacket use is relatively uncommon among lobstermen due to barriers such as comfort, practicality, and social norms. Methods: This study highlights an initiative to: (1) trial various lifejacket designs with lobstermen; (2) identify the most popular designs; and (3) identify other features that could encourage use of lifejackets. In 2017, nine designs were trialed with lobstermen in Maine and Massachusetts during the winter and summer fishing seasons. Participants were recruited dockside, and lifejackets were randomly assigned. Participants completed surveys at 1 week and 4 weeks to assess positive and negative design features and to understand the importance of survival technology that can be used in conjunction with lifejackets. Results: 181 lobstermen in Maine and Massachusetts agreed to participate. Recruitment rates were 90.5%, while the survey completion rate was 88.4%. Survey results identified no clear preference for a specific lifejacket design; however, the ability to choose from many options appeared to be an important factor. Conclusion: Previous studies have indicated that lifejacket preferences are fisheries specific. In the Northeast lobster fishery, however, individual preferences varied. Our research demonstrates that a range of devices covering different buoyancies, wear type, and retrieval systems should be made more available to lobstermen.

Sorenson, S. B. (2015). "Assessing views about gun violence reduction policy: a look at type of violence and expected effectiveness." Preventive medicine 79: 50-54.
	Objective: Public opinion polling about gun policy is routinely conducted and often disregarded. The purpose of this research is to explore ways in which surveys can be made more useful to policy makers, researchers, and the general public. Methods: A stratified random sample of 1000 undergraduates at a private, urban university was recruited for an online survey about proposed gun policies. A total of 51.7% answered the questions analyzed herein. Including but going beyond typical assessments of agreement, the survey elicited respondent evaluations of the effectiveness of seven gun policies under two randomly assigned conditions: the type of gun violence (e.g., homicide, suicide, violent crime) and its magnitude. Participants were asked to estimate the effectiveness of each policy, including the possibility of making things worse. Results: Participants indicated strong support for all policies and expected each to be effective with one exception - a policy designed to increase the number of guns on the scene, that is, putting armed police in schools. Persons who did not support other policies, on average, did not expect them to make things worse. Telling participants about the scope of the violence did not but the type of gun violence did affect effectiveness ratings. Conclusions: Asking about expected effectiveness of (vs. general support for) a policy might identify some optimism: Even people who don't support a policy sometimes think it will be effective. Findings suggest that surveys about the effectiveness of gun violence policies likely assess views that exclude suicide, the most common form of gun-related mortality.

Sorenson, S. B. and K. A. Thomas (2009). "Views of Intimate Partner Violence in Same- and Opposite-Sex Relationships." Journal of Marriage and Family 71(2): 337-352.
	Attitudes toward same-sex intimate relationships and intimate partner violence (IPV) are changing. Little research, however, has examined norms about IPV in same-sex relationships. Using a fractional factorial (experimental vignette) design, we conducted random-digit-dialed interviews in four languages with 3,679 community-residing adults. Multivariate analyses of responses to 14,734 vignettes suggest that IPV against gay male, lesbian, and heterosexual women is more likely than that against heterosexual men to be considered illegal and that it should be illegal, police called, and a stay-away order issued. Regardless of gender and sexual orientation, the type of abuse and whether a weapon was displayed are the strongest predictors of respondentsa judgments about whether a behavior is illegal and merits a range of societal interventions. Adapted from the source document.

Spies, D. C. and S. T. Franzmann (2019). "Party Competition and Vote Choice." Kölner Zeitschrift für Soziologie und Sozialpsychologie 71(1): 313-342.
	Analyzing the relationships between political parties and voters is one of the central topics of political science. Parties are expected either to be responsive to the demands of their voters or are presumed to have the power to influence voting decisions by structuring the political discourse and thereby competition regarding political issues. These two aspects are covered in the literature by research on the way parties present themselves and by electoral research, respectively. Focusing on the latter, this state-of-the-art article reviews how recent publications have analyzed the impact of party competition (macro level) on vote choice (individual level). It does so by introducing the most prominent theories of voting and party competition, summarizing the most recent results and pointing to potential problems for international comparisons such as methodological choices and different approaches to the measurement of party positions.Alternate abstract:Die Analyse der Beziehungen zwischen politischen Parteien und Wählern ist eines der zentralen Themen der Politikwissenschaft. Hinsichtlich der Parteien wird davon ausgegangen, dass sie sich entweder responsiv gegenüber den Forderungen ihrer Wähler zeigen oder aber die Macht haben, deren Wahlentscheidung zu beeinflussen, indem sie den politischen Diskurs und damit den Wettbewerb um politische Themen strukturieren. Diese beiden Aspekte werden zum einen in der Parteien-, zum anderen in der Wahlforschung behandelt. Mit Blick auf Letztere wird in diesem State-of-the-Art-Artikel dargestellt, wie neuere Veröffentlichungen die Auswirkungen des Parteienwettbewerbs (Makroebene) auf die Wahlentscheidung (Individualebene) analysieren. Dies geschieht durch eine Einführung in die wichtigsten Theorien zur Wahlentscheidung und zum Parteienwettbewerb, auf deren Grundlage eine Zusammenfassung der Ergebnisse neuerer, quantitativer Studien erfolgt. Potenzielle Probleme für den internationalen Vergleich werden hierbei ebenso erörtert wie wichtige methodische Neuerungen und die verschiedenen verfügbaren Ansätze zur Messung von Parteienpositionen.

Spink, J., et al. (2019). "International survey of food fraud and related terminology: preliminary results and discussion." Journal of Food Science 84(10): 2705-2718.
	The food industry is advancing at a rapid pace and consumer sensitivity to food safety scares and food fraud scandals is further amplified by rapid communication such as by social media. Academia, regulators, and industry practitioners alike struggle with an evolving issue regarding new terms and definitions including food fraud, food authenticity, food integrity, food protection, economically motivated adulteration, food crime, food security, contaminant, adulterant, and others. This research addressed some of the global need for clarification and harmonization of commonly used terminology. The 150 survey responses were received from various food-related workgroups or committee members, communication with recognized experts, and announcements to the food industry in general. Overall food fraud was identified as a "food safety" issue (86%). The food quality and manufacturing respondents focused mainly on incoming goods and adulterant-substances (&lt;50%) rather than the other illegal activities such as counterfeiting, theft, gray market/diversion, and smuggling. Of the terms included to represent "intentional deception for economic gain" the respondents generally agreed with food fraud as the preferred term. Overall, the preference was 50% "food fraud," 15% "economically motivated adulteration" EMA, 9% "food protection," 7% "food integrity," 5% "food authenticity," and 2% "food crime." It appears that "food protection" and "food integrity" are terms that cover broader concepts such as all types of intentional acts and even possibly food safety or food quality. "Food authenticity" was defined with the phrase "to ensure" so seemed to be identified as an "attribute" that helped define fraudulent acts.

Spiranovic, C., et al. (2012). "What Predicts Punitiveness? An Examination of Predictors of Punitive Attitudes towards Offenders in Australia." Psychiatry, Psychology & Law 19(2): 249-261.
	A widespread public preference for harsher sentencing (punitiveness) has been documented in a range of national and international studies. The present study examines the relative predictive power of a set of factors most commonly linked with punitiveness. This study is based on the responses given in the largest Australian survey to date of public attitudes to punishment (N = 6005). A combined hierarchical multiple regression model comprising demographic variables, media usage variables, and crime salience variables accounted for a significant 30% of variance in scores for punitiveness. The three variables that emerged as the strongest predictors of punitive attitudes were: perceptions of crime levels; education; and reliance on tabloid/commercial media for news and information. The results have direct implications for how we understand the persistent public preference for punishment and what might be required to ameliorate or respond to that preference. [ABSTRACT FROM PUBLISHER]
Copyright of Psychiatry, Psychology & Law is the property of Routledge and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Srithanaviboonchai, K., et al. (2017). "Stigmatizing attitudes toward people living with HIV among general adult Thai population: results from the 5th Thai National Health Examination Survey (NHES)." PLoS ONE 12(11): e0187231-e0187231.
	Background: HIV-related stigma and discrimination is a significant driver of the HIV and AIDS epidemic. UNAIDS encourages all nations to monitor progress toward elimination of this problem. This study measured the level of stigmatizing attitudes toward people living with HIV (PLHIV) among Thai adults in the general population using recommended global tools. Methods: Data from the 5th National Health Examination Survey, conducted in 2014 were used. The survey utilized six questions recommended by the Global Stigma and Discrimination Indicator Working Group and was administered to participants aged 20-59 years old. All analyses were weighted to take into account of the probability of sampling the same-age Thai population. Factors related to a discriminatory attitude according to UNAIDS, defined as agreed to at least one of the two discriminatory issues, were evaluated using Chi square tested and multivariable logistic regression. Results: Of the 10,522 respondents, the most prevalent stigmatizing attitude was anticipated stigma (76.9%), followed by perceived stigma (69.2%), fear of HIV infection (57.0%), and social judgment (38.2%). Fifty-eight point six percent had discriminatory attitudes according to the UNAIDS global indicator. Independent predictors were being female (AOR=1.21: 95% CI 1.14-1.29), aged 20-39 (AOR=1.19: 95% CI 1.09-1.30) or 50-59 (AOR=1.18: 95%CI 1.12-1.26), being Muslim (AOR=2.03: 95%CI 1.55-2.66), earning &lt;10,000 Baht/month (AOR=0.93: 95%CI 0.88-0.99), and living in the Northeast (AOR=1.67: 95%CI 1.39-2.00) or in Bangkok (AOR=1.73: 95%CI 1.45-2.07). Conclusions: More than half of the general adult Thai population had stigmatizing attitudes toward PLHIV. The study provided valuable baseline information which could be used as comparison for follow-up surveys with other countries. Interventions to improve Thai society's knowledge and attitudes toward HIV/AIDS are urgently needed.

Staetsky, L. D. (2019). "Can Convenience Samples be Trusted? Lessons From the Survey of Jews in Europe, 2012." Contemporary Jewry 39(1): 115-153.
	Jews living in the Diaspora form a very small proportion of the total population in all countries without an exception. This situation (‘the rarity problem’) presents a major obstacle to survey taking among Jews: Jews are nearly impossible to capture in numbers conducive to statistical analysis in regular national sample surveys. Various probability-based sampling methods have been applied in the context of Jewish surveys. The key development in the field of Jewish social surveys in Europe, however, is the shift from probability sampling to methods that are reliant on non-probability sampling, either partially or exclusively. Can the insights produced by such samples be trusted? To what extent can they be understood, by academics and policy makers, as a true representation of the realities lived through by contemporary European Jewish populations? These questions are empirically investigated using the FRA 2012 survey - the first cross-European survey of Jewish perceptions and experiences of antisemitism conducted by the European Union Agency for Fundamental Rights, the Institute for Jewish Policy Research and polling agency IPSOS Mori in 2012.

Stallings, R. P. and K. C. Ward (2017). "The integrity of the game: exploring attitudes of professional male athlete criminality." Criminal Justice Studies 30(4): 346-364.
	It has been argued that sports act as a social institution in the United States, encompassing many network headlines and reports. Resulting from the popularization of sports entertainment has been an enhanced insight into the criminal behavior ofprofessional athletes. This research sought to understand how the general public perceives alleged professional athlete criminality. Utilizing household mail surveys with residents in Pennsylvania, respondents rated the seriousness, wrongness, and punitiveness of alleged athlete criminality depicted in five different vignettes. Results indicated that the strongest predictor of attitudes between professional athletes and non-athletes was offense type; more specifically gambling, which this sample rated more serious and wrong for professional athletes compared to non-athletes. This indicated that alleged offenses that may be perceived as attacking the integrity of the sport may be viewed more harshly. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Criminal Justice Studies is the property of Routledge and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Stark, L., et al. (2019). "Sex and age effects in past-year experiences of violence amongst adolescents in five countries." PLoS ONE 14(7): e0219073-e0219073.
	Purpose: To date, there has been insufficient focus on age and sex differences in studies of violence amongst adolescents and young adults in low- and middle-income countries. As adolescence is a formative period during which experiencing violence can have both short- and long-term consequences, we aim to investigate experiences of violence by age and sex across five countries. Methods: Incidences of past-year violence victimization were estimated by sex across two-year age bands (13-24 years) using Violence Against Children Survey datasets from Cambodia, Haiti, Kenya, Malawi, and Tanzania. Analyses were conducted separately for each country. The presence of an association with age and each type of violence was identified using logistic regressions separately by sex. Sex was then added to the models as an interaction term and adjusted Wald tests were used to assess differences between males and females in age effects. Results: Risk of physical violence by both an adult caregiver and a community member decreased with age for both sexes in all countries. In contrast, risk of IPV increased with age for both sexes in all countries. Although some countries displayed a steeper increase in risk of IPV and sexual violence with age for males, females face higher overall levels of risk for these forms of violence. Conclusion: Findings highlight how adolescents' and young adults' risk of violence changes with age and type of violence. The analysis underscores the importance of collecting violence data disaggregated by age and sex to best inform policies and programming. Implications and contributions: We analyzed five Violence Against Children Surveys (VACS) and found age effects for physical, sexual, and intimate partner violence for adolescents 13-24 years old. Age effects for sexual violence are stronger among females than males. Future policies targeting adolescents should consider how age and gender influence risk of violence.

Staveteig, S. (2017). "Fear, opposition, ambivalence, and omission: results from a follow-up study on unmet need for family planning in Ghana." PLoS ONE 12(7): e0182076-e0182076.
	Introduction: Despite a relatively strong family planning program and regionally modest levels of fertility, Ghana recorded one of the highest levels of unmet need for family planning on the African continent in 2008. Unmet need for family planning is a composite measure based on apparent contradictions between women's reproductive preferences and practices. Women who want to space or limit births but are not using contraception are considered to have an unmet need for family planning. The study sought to understand the reasons behind high levels of unmet need for family planning in Ghana. Methods: A mixed methods follow-up study was embedded within the stratified, two-stage cluster sample of the 2014 Ghana Demographic and Health Survey (GDHS). Women in 13 survey clusters who were identified as having unmet need, along with a reference group of current family planning users, were approached to be reinterviewed within an average of three weeks from their GDHS interview. Follow-up respondents were asked a combination of closed- and open-ended questions about fertility preferences and contraceptive use. Closed-ended responses were compared against the original survey; transcripts were thematically coded and analyzed using qualitative analysis software. Results: Among fecund women identified by the 2014 GDHS as having unmet need, follow-up interviews revealed substantial underreporting of method use, particularly traditional methods. Complete postpartum abstinence was sometimes the intended method of family planning but was overlooked during questions about method use. Other respondents classified as having unmet need had ambivalent fertility preferences. In several cases, respondents expressed revised fertility preferences upon follow-up that would have made them ineligible for inclusion in the unmet need category. The reference group of family planning users also expressed unstable fertility preferences. Aversion to modern method use was generally more substantial than reported in the GDHS, particularly the risk of menstrual side effects, personal or partner opposition to family planning, and religious opposition to contraception.

Steckermeier, L. C. and J. Delhey (2019). "Better for Everyone? Egalitarian Culture and Social Wellbeing in Europe." Social Indicators Research 143(3): 1075-1108.
	The goal of this study is to explore the relationship between culture and social well-being, focusing on inferiority feelings. While being respected is widely seen as a key ingredient of a good life, inferiority feelings signal a lack of esteem from others. Previous research has mainly looked at income inequality as the key contextual condition for inferiority feelings and other status concerns, often inspired by the income inequality thesis/Spirit Level paradigm (Wilkinson and Pickett 2010). We contribute to this discussion by extending this paradigm into the cultural realm. Our main assumption is that an inegalitarian culture breeds inferiority feelings, whereas an egalitarian culture dampens them and in this sense is “better”. Within a multi-level framework we combine information on culture, operationalized as collective values and beliefs, retrieved from the European Value Study for 30 European countries, and survey data on inferiority feelings for over 37,000 individuals from the most recent European Quality of Life Survey (2011–12). Our evidence suggests that widespread self-expression values and social trust (as expressions of an egalitarian culture) are indeed better as they dampen individuals’ inferiority feelings while widespread individual blame for poverty (an expression of an inegalitarian culture) heightens them. In further analyses of each income quintile separately, we find evidence that culture matters—for good or worse—for all income groups, except the poorest quintiles. Our results should prompt scholars of social status and social well-being to pay more attention to the impact of culture.

ŠTefunkovÁ, M. (2016). "Potential of Criminological Research in Evaluation of Victim-focused Policy and Legislation in the Czech Republic." Potencijal kriminoloških istraživanja u evaluaciji politike i zakonodavstva usmerenog ka žrtvama u Ceško|. 19(1): 25-40.
	For effective victim-focused legislation, evidence-based knowledge is essential, thus making criminological research of great importance. Victimization surveys represent a globally recognized type of criminological investigation. Although they are primarily focused on measuring the dark figure of crime, they can also provide a broad spectrum of information on victimization-related issues. The latest victimization survey was carried out in the Czech Republic by the Institute of Criminology and Social Prevention in 2013. Through face to face interviews, victimization was explored through eight selected offences in the period of 12 months prior the survey. The representative sample included 3000 respondents 15 years of age and older. The next round is planned for 2017. Since 2013, a new Act no. 45/2013 Coll., on Victims of Crime has come into effect in the Czech Republic. This paper will discuss how victimization surveys can enrich the knowledge on victimization-related issues and how they can help in the evaluation of criminal policy. (English) [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Za razvijanje efektivnog zakonodavstva koje je usmereno na žrtve, saznanja zas-novana na empirijskim dokazima su od suštinskog značaja, čime su i kriminološka istraživanja od velike važnosti. Ankete o viktimizaciji predstavljaju globalno priznatu vrstu kriminoloških istraživanja. Iako su prvenstveno fokusirane na merenje tamne brojke kriminaliteta, one nam mogu dati širok spektar informacija o viktimizaciji ispi-tanika. Poslednju anketu o viktimizaciji u Češkoj realizovao je Institut za kriminolog-iju i socijalnu prevenciju tokom 2013. godine. Kroz intervjue licem-u-lice ispitivano je iskustvo viktimizacije putem osam izabranih krivičnih dela u periodu od 12 meseci koji su prethodili istraživanju. Reprezentativan uzorakje uključio 3000 ispitanika uzrasta 15 godina i starije. Sledeća runda istraživanja je planirana za 2016. godinu. U Češkoj je 2013. godine stupio na snagu novi Zakon br. 45/2013 o žrtvama kriminaliteta. U ovom radu je analizirano kako ankete o viktimizaciji mogu proširiti znanje o problemima u vezi sa viktimizacijom i kako one mogu pomoći u evaluaciji kriminalne politike. (Czech) [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Temida is the property of Victimology Society of Serbia and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Stein, R. E. (2009). "Assault Victimization: A Comparative Analysis of the United States, the Netherlands, and England & Wales." International Journal of Criminal Justice Sciences 4(1): 44-59.
	Routine activities/lifestyles theories recognize the importance of opportunity, as it is related to victimization. Most of the research utilizing a routine activities/lifestyles theoretical framework has concentrated on populations in a single country, and results are inconsistent. Some research indicates that the relationship between daily activities and victimization is of prime importance, while other studies note demographic characteristics as proxies for lifestyle to best explain victimization. The utility of a routine activities/lifestyles approach to explain victimization is less clear within a cross-national scope. Additionally, much cross-national research is limited by the availability of comparable data on victimization. In this study, I examine the relationship between routine activities/lifestyles and assault victimization for respondents in the U.S., the Netherlands, and England and Wales. In this study, I utilize the International Crime Victimization Survey and the European Survey on Crime and Safety. The results indicate characteristics of assault victimization vary across the three countries. Moreover, the relationship between daily activities/lifestyles and victimization differs across the U.S., the Netherlands, and England and Wales. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of International Journal of Criminal Justice Sciences is the property of International Journal of Criminal Justice Sciences (IJCJS), Dr. K. Jaishankar and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Steinmetz, N. and D. Austin (2014). "Fear of Criminal Victimization on a College Campus: A Visual and Survey Analysis of Location and Demographic Factors." American Journal of Criminal Justice 39(3): 511-537.
	On a college campus, fear of crime may be driven by the physical characteristics of a specific location, as well as the demographics and the past experiences of respondents. Demographic and personal factors such as gender, residency, race, age, and class status can play a role in expressed fear as respondents intuitively assess the spaces for prospect, refuge, and escape. Photographs of various campus locations were used to present sample of students from a public university with various physical locations on campus. A survey was utilized as students assessed their reaction to each location in relation to fear of crime. Results were mixed in terms of personal characteristics. For example, males living on campus and full-time students were found to be less fearful than males living off campus and part-time students. Involvements in campus activities reduced fear for women, but increased it for men. The most fear producing location on campus was an enclosed walkway with almost no chance for escape, confirming that prospect, refuge, and escape are strong influences on fear (Nasar and Fisher, Sociology and Social Research, 76, 48-58, ). [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of American Journal of Criminal Justice is the property of Springer Nature and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Steur, H. d., et al. (2016). "Applying the Food Technology Neophobia Scale in a developing country context. A case-study on processed matooke (cooking banana) flour in Central Uganda." Appetite 96: 391-398.
	The success of new food technologies largely depends on consumers' behavioral responses to the innovation. In Eastern Africa, and Uganda in particular, a technology to process matooke into flour has been introduced with limited success. We measure and apply the Food technology Neophobia Scale (FTNS) to this specific case. This technique has been increasingly used in consumer research to determine consumers' fear for foods produced by novel technologies. Although it has been successful in developed countries, the low number and limited scope of past studies underlines the need for testing its applicability in a developing country context. Data was collected from 209 matooke consumers from Central Uganda. In general, respondents are relatively neophobic towards the new technology, with an average FTNS score of 58.7%, which hampers the success of processed matooke flour. Besides socio-demographic indicators, 'risk perception', 'healthiness' and the 'necessity of technologies' were key factors that influenced consumer's preference of processed matooke flour. Benchmarking the findings against previous FTNS surveys allows to evaluate factor solutions, compare standardized FTNS scores and further lends support for the multidimensionality of the FTNS. Being the first application in a developing country context, this study provides a case for examining food technology neophobia for processed staple crops in various regions and cultures. Nevertheless, research is needed to replicate this method and evaluate the external validity of our findings.

Stevelink, S. A. M., et al. (2015). "Visual impairment, coping strategies and impact on daily life: a qualitative study among working-age UK ex-service personnel." BMC public health 15(1118): (12 November 2015)-(2012 November 2015).
	Background: Sustaining a visual impairment may have a substantial impact on various life domains such as work, interpersonal relations, mobility and social and mental well-being. How to adjust to the loss of vision and its consequences might be a challenge for the visually impaired person. The purpose of the current study was to explore how younger male ex-Service personnel cope with becoming visually impaired and how this affects their daily life. Methods: Semi-structured interviews with 30 visually impaired male ex-Service personnel, all under the age of 55, were conducted. All participants are members of the charity organisation Blind Veterans UK. Interviews were analysed thematically. Results: Younger ex-Service personnel applied a number of different strategies to overcome their loss of vision and its associated consequences. Coping strategies varied from learning new skills, goal setting, integrating the use of low vision aids in their daily routine, to social withdrawal and substance misuse. Vision loss affected on all aspects of daily life and ex-Service personnel experienced an on-going struggle to accept and adjust to becoming visually impaired. Conclusions: Health care professionals, family and friends of the person with the visual impairment need to be aware that coping with a visual impairment is a continuous struggle; even after a considerable amount of time has passed, needs for emotional, social, practical and physical support may still be present.

Stevens, E. M. and T. D. King-Meadows (2017). "Technicolor Racism or Caricature Assassination? Satirizing White Anxiety About the Obama Presidency." The Howard Journal of Communications 28(1): 72-92.
	Using the theory of iconography, this article deconstructs the "Politics of Fear" caricature of Barack and Michelle Obama, featured on the cover of The New Yorker magazine, to investigate White imagination about the couple's socio-cultural identities. Published before the 2008 Democratic nominating convention, the caricature set the couple within the Oval Office and depicted Barack in an Arab-style tunic bumping fists with an armed Angela Davis-esque Michelle dressed in fatigues. We examine defenses of the image as satire against anti-Obama caricatures. We also examine original and secondary survey data to uncover the determinants of support for the caricature. We argue that the caricature gave a unifying visual form to disparate trepidations about the Americanness and religious identity of the Obamas. Our article concludes by situating the controversy over the cover alongside longstanding suspicions by Whites that Barack Obama has deceived Americans about his religious identity and loyalty to American ideals.

Stewart, D., et al. (2018). "Exploring facilitators and barriers to medication error reporting among healthcare professionals in Qatar using the Theoretical Domains Framework: a mixed-methods approach." PLoS ONE 13(10): e0204987-e0204987.
	Background: There is a need for theory informed interventions to optimise medication reporting. This study aimed to quantify and explain behavioural determinants relating to error reporting of healthcare professionals in Qatar as a basis of developing interventions to optimise the effectiveness and efficiency of error reporting. Methods: A sequential explanatory mixed methods design comprising a cross-sectional survey followed by focus groups in Hamad Medical Corporation, Qatar. All doctors, nurses and pharmacists were invited to complete a questionnaire that included items of behavioural determinants derived from the Theoretical Domains Framework (TDF), an integrative framework of 33 theories of behaviour change. Principal component analysis (PCA) was used to identify components, with total component scores computed. Differences in total scores among demographic groupings were tested using Mann-Whitney U test (2 groups) or Kruskal-Wallis (&gt;2 groups). Respondents expressing interest in focus group participation were sampled purposively, and discussions based on survey findings using the TDF to provide further insight to survey findings. Ethical approval was received from Hamad Medical Corporation, Robert Gordon University, and Qatar University. Results: One thousand, six hundred and four questionnaires were received (67.9% nurses, 13.3% doctors, 12.9% pharmacists). Questionnaire items clustered into six components of: knowledge and skills related to error reporting; feedback and support; action and impact; motivation; effort; and emotions. There were statistically significant higher scores in relation to age (older more positive, p&lt;0.001), experience as a healthcare professional (more experienced most positive apart from those with the highest level of experience, p&lt;0.001), and profession (pharmacists most positive, p&lt;0.05). Fifty-four healthcare professionals from different disciplines participated in the focus groups. Themes mapped to nine of fourteen TDF domains. In terms of emotions, the themes that emerged as barriers to error reporting were: fear and worry on submitting a report; that submitting was likely to lead to further investigation that could impact performance evaluation and career progression; concerns over the impact on working relationships; and the potential lack of confidentiality. Conclusions: This study has quantified and explained key facilitators and barriers of medication error reporting. Barriers appeared to be largely centred on issues relating to emotions and related beliefs of consequences. Quantitative results demonstrated that while these were issues for all healthcare professionals, those younger and less experienced were most concerned. Qualitative findings highlighted particular concerns relating to these emotional aspects. These results can be used to develop theoretically informed interventions with the aims of improving the effectiveness and efficiency of the medication reporting systems impacting patient safety.

Stiller, A. and D. F. Hellmann (2017). "In the aftermath of disclosing child sexual abuse: consequences, needs, and wishes." Journal of Sexual Aggression 23(3): 251-265.
	Experiencing child sexual abuse (CSA) can have enormous consequences for the victims. However, reporting rates are comparably low. Thus, it is essential to consider the wishes and needs of disclosing CSA victims in order to develop measures that can improve the disclosure and reporting of CSA. We analysed data of a subsample ofn = 394 victims of contact CSA from a representative victim survey (N = 11,428) conducted by the Criminological Research Institute of Lower Saxony, Germany, in 2011. Overall, 76% of the victims disclosed their CSA experience to somebody. However, only 14% of the cases were made known to law enforcement agencies. Of the disclosing victims, only one-third was believed and 43% reported that the disclosure led to no further consequences. Overall, being believed as well as supported by the victims’ family proved to be crucial. Implications are discussed against the background of previous research. [ABSTRACT FROM PUBLISHER]
Copyright of Journal of Sexual Aggression is the property of Routledge and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Stohr, M. K., et al. (2012). "Assessing the Organizational Culture in a Jail Setting." Prison Journal 92(3): 358-387.
	The culture of an organization shapes much that occurs in that environment. Leaders who are oblivious of their organizational culture are less likely to succeed. Organization members who do not understand the culture may be vulnerable to its more negative influences. Assessing the key attributes of an organizational culture in an agency is a tricky but important enterprise. In this research, we pre-tested an instrument that could be used, in tandem with others, to assess the organizational culture of a criminal justice agency’s (in this case a jail). We focused on the perceptions of the ‘lower level’ workers in this organization. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Prison Journal is the property of Sage Publications Inc. and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Struckman-Johnson, D., et al. (2013). "A Pre-PREA Survey of Inmate and Correctional Staff Opinions on How to Prevent Prison Sexual Assault." Prison Journal 93(4): 429-452.
	This study is a content analysis of inmate and staff free responses to a question about good ways to prevent prison sexual assault. Data from 1,094 inmates and 373 correctional staff were abstracted from a 1998 survey of Midwestern prisons. A total of 2,689 distinctive ideas ( 1,830 from inmates and 859 from staff) were distributed across 12 prevention categories. Inmates' top solutions were classification of inmates and increased sexual outlets. Staff s top choices were increasing security and hiring more and better staff. Similarities and disparities in inmate and staff solutions are discussed in light of Prison Rape Elimination Act-based policies. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Prison Journal is the property of Sage Publications Inc. and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Stumbrys, T. (2018). "Lucid nightmares: A survey of their frequency, features, and factors in lucid dreamers." Dreaming 28(3): 193-204.
	This article reports the first systematic study on lucid nightmares—terrifying lucid dreams with a lack of dream control. An online survey was completed by 634 participants, of whom 574 had had previous lucid dream experience. According to the reports of lucid dreamers, less than half of them had experienced a lucid nightmare, and only 1% of them could be considered as suffering from lucid nightmares—experiencing them once a week or more frequently. Lucid nightmares appear to be as distressing as ordinary nightmares. Lack of dream control and intense fear are among their most common features, followed by violent autonomous dream characters and the inability to wake up. Lucid nightmares are more likely to occur for women and nightmare sufferers, yet also for more frequent lucid dreamers and for those who experience lucid dreams spontaneously rather than them being induced deliberately. Key methodological points, for example, whether the awakening criterion in the definition of lucid nightmares should be included, are addressed, and suggestions for future research are provided. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2018 APA, all rights reserved)

Stutterheim, S. E., et al. (2014). "Patient and provider perspectives on HIV and HIV-related stigma in Dutch health care settings." AIDS Patient Care and STDs 28(12): 652-655.
	Ensuring that people living with HIV (PLWH) feel accepted in health care settings is imperative. This mixed methods study explored the perspectives of PLWH and health professionals on their interactions. A total of 262 predominantly gay men of Dutch origin participated in a survey study of possible negative interactions with health professionals, and semi-structured interviews were subsequently conducted with 22 PLWH and 14 health professionals. Again, most PLWH were gay men of Dutch origin. All health professionals were Dutch. PLWH reported negative experiences with health professionals including awkward interactions, irrelevant questions, rude treatment, blame, pity, excessive or differential precautions, care refusal, unnecessary referrals, delayed treatment, poor support, and confidentiality breaches. They also reported positive experiences including equal treatment, being valued as a partner in one's health, social support provision, and confidentiality assurances. Health professionals reported having little experience with PLWH and only basic knowledge of HIV. They contended that PLWH are treated equally and that HIV is no longer stigmatized, but also reported fear of occupational infection, resulting in differential precautions. Additionally, they conveyed labeling PLWH's files to warn others, and curiosity regarding how patients acquired HIV. The findings suggest that there is a gap in perception between PLWH and health professionals regarding the extent to which negative interactions occur, and that these interactions should be improved. Implications for stigma reduction and care optimization are discussed.

Sue-Ming, Y. and L. A. Wyckoff (2010). "Perceptions of safety and victimization: does survey construction affect perceptions?" Journal of experimental criminology 6(3): 293-323.
	Surveys are commonly used in the field of criminology and criminal justice; however, the effects of survey design on study findings are rarely examined. Using a randomized experiment, this study examined the effects of question order in a victimization survey on respondents’ perceptions of safety. The interactions between respondents’ characteristics and question-order effects were also explored. The simple question-order effect was not found for the overall sample, but further examination revealed that respondent characteristics such as sex and victim status interact with the arrangement of questions. The implications of the findings for victimization survey research, and more generally for studies using surveys as a primary tool, are discussed. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Journal of Experimental Criminology is the property of Springer Nature and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Sumner, S. A., et al. (2015). "Prevalence of sexual violence against children and use of social services - seven countries, 2007-2013." Morbidity and Mortality Weekly Report 64(21): 565-569.
	This paper presents the findings of national household surveys, conducted by the US CDC in collaboration with health services in Cambodia, Haiti, Kenya, Malawi, Swaziland, Tanzania, and Zimbabwe, of children and youth aged 13-24 years which aimed to measure the extent of violence against children. Results revealed that the lifetime prevalence of experiencing any form of sexual violence in childhood ranged from 4.4% among females in Cambodia to 37.6% among females in Swaziland, with prevalence in most countries greater than 25.0%. In most countries surveyed, the proportion of victims that received services, including health and child protective services, was ≤10.0%. It was concluded that both prevention and response strategies for sexual violence are needed in the countries studied.

Süth, M., et al. (2018). "Possibilities of targeting in food chain safety risk communication." Acta Alimentaria (Budapest) 47(3): 307-314.
	In recent years, there have been many changes in the food market, which have greatly transformed our approach to food chain supervision. The increasing complexity of the food chain (e.g. globalization of food trade, expansion of raw materials and additives, technical advancement), the frequent changes in food consumption trends and the phenomenon of food crime belong to the most challenging issues for food chain control institutions. These factors require the re-evaluation of the role of consumers in the food chain. The overall aim of this research was to explore consumers' risk perception and risk avoidance for a more efficient, targeted risk communication. In the survey 1003, face-to-face interviews were made using questionnaire. The statistical analysis of data was followed by the identification and characterization of 4 relevant target groups with cluster analysis method: disinterested youngsters (17.0%), conscious elders (39.4%), food adepts (27.5%), and soul of the family (16.1%). Results indicated, that the Hungarian society can be segmented regarding to food associated risk perception and avoidance. It has been also proven, that risk perception is influenced by demographic factors. Furthermore, we have also managed to conclude that efficient risk communication would require a well-aimed and focused communication strategy.

Suttmoeller, M. and L. D. Keena (2012). "Treatment Provider's Perceived Effectiveness of Probation and Parole: A Case Study." International Journal of Offender Therapy and Comparative Criminology 56(1): 153-168.
	In the fall of 2005, the state of Missouri launched a three-prong assessment of the relationship between probation and parole and three of their stakeholders: police, courts, and treatment providers. The Division of Probation and Parole was interested in identifying these perceptions as they implement the Missouri Reentry Process (MRP). The MRP promotes the formation of interdependent working relationships between stakeholders and probation and parole. Before these relationships can be fostered or improved, an assessment of the current relationship was necessary. This article focuses on the 2nd year's project that involved a web-based, statewide survey of treatment providers. The purpose of the study was to conduct a utilization-focused evaluation to ascertain treatment providers' perceptions of probation and parole's service delivery. The descriptive statistics examined and described broad perceptions of the relationship. Bivariate analysis was conducted to determine whether a relationship existed between different dimensions such as education level, facility staff size, and other variables such as perceived support for treatment and whether probation and parole officers participate in information-sharing meetings. An overall favorable perception of probation and parole was apparent from the survey results. Statistically significant results for several dimensions of the relationship between probation and parole officers and treatment providers were found. These statistically significant results provided insight into the effectiveness of probation and parole's service delivery. The article concludes with a presentation of policy implications. [Reprinted by permission of Sage Publications Inc., copyright holder.]

Suvam, D., et al. (2013). "Epidemiology of cervical spinal cord injury in eastern India: an autopsy-based study." New Zealand Medical Journal 126(1377): 30-40.
	Aims: Cervical spinal cord injury is a major cause of fatality among trauma victims. Unlike developed countries, national spinal cord injury database is not maintained in India. Paucity of data hampers the understanding of epidemiology of the event in India. So, this study was conducted to ascertain the epidemiological pattern of death due to cervical spinal cord injury and to identify the risk factors; also to find the association of vertebral injuries with various epidemiological parameters. Methods: Among autopsies conducted in Burdwan Medical College and Hospital from 2000 to 2010, cases with autopsy report mentioning "death due to cervical spinal cord injury" either primary or secondary were included in the study. It was a retrospective observational study based on autopsy report. Results: 536 cases met the inclusion criteria. Among them 89.4% were male and 10.6% were female; 63.8% victims were young adults (20-39 years). Mean (±S.D.) age was 33.5 years (±12.8). All, apart from 5.4%, suffered from single segment injury with commonest site being C3-C4 (37.3%). Highest number of trauma occurred between 6 am to 9 am, 56.6% of the victims died before hospitalisation. Commonest mode of injury was road traffic accident (52.2%) followed by fall from height (25.0%); 53.7% cases had vertebral fracture with dislocation, 34.3% had only vertebral fracture. Only dislocation was significantly high up to 19 years age (p&lt;0.001) and among females (p=0.029). All elderly suffered from fracture. Conclusions: This study revealed an unusually high male:female ratio with much representation of the younger age groups in the injuries in comparison to other parts of world. In absence of national database, this result can be used as a surrogate data.

Swartout, K. M., et al. (2019). "Measuring campus sexual misconduct and its context: The Administrator-Researcher Campus Climate Consortium (ARC3) survey." Psychological Trauma: Theory, Research, Practice, and Policy 11(5): 495-504.
	[Correction Notice: An Erratum for this article was reported in Vol 11(7) of Psychological Trauma: Theory, Research, Practice, and Policy (see record 2019-58623-001). In the article, the authors found that the following references better supported their research and have updated Table 1. See erratum for full description. The online version of this article has been corrected.] Objective: In response to The White House Task Force to Protect Students from Sexual Assault’s recommendations, the Administrator-Researcher Campus Climate Collaborative (ARC3) has curated an empirically sound, no-cost campus climate survey for U.S. institutions of higher education. The ARC3 survey contains 19 modules that assess a range of Title IX violations, including sexual harassment, dating violence, and sexual misconduct victimization and perpetration; sexual misconduct prevention efforts, resources, and responses; and key predictors and possible outcomes of sexual misconduct. This article describes the ARC3 survey development and pilot test psychometric data. Method: A total of 909 students attending one of three U.S. universities responded to the survey; 85% of students who began the survey completed it. Students completed the ARC3 survey in slightly less than 30 min, on average. Results: The majority of measures produced evidence for at least acceptable internal consistency levels (α >.70), with only two short item sets having marginal reliability (α = .65–.70). Correlations among scales matched expectations set by the research literature. Students generally did not find the survey distressing; in fact, students viewed the climate assessment as important and personally meaningful. Conclusion: The survey performed sufficiently well in pilot testing to recommend its use with U.S. college populations. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2019 APA, all rights reserved)

Taft, A. J., et al. (2009). "MOSAIC (MOthers' Advocates In the Community): protocol and sample description of a cluster randomised trial of mentor mother support to reduce intimate partner violence among pregnant or recent mothers." BMC public health 9(159): (27 May 2009)-(2027 May 2009).
	Background: Intimate partner violence (IPV) is prevalent globally, experienced by a significant minority of women in the early childbearing years and is harmful to the mental and physical health of women and children. There are very few studies with rigorous designs which have tested the effectiveness of IPV interventions to improve the health and wellbeing of abused women. Evidence for the separate benefit to victims of social support, advocacy and non-professional mentoring suggested that a combined model may reduce the levels of violence, the associated mental health damage and may increase a woman's health, safety and connection with her children. This paper describes the development, design and implementation of a trial of mentor mother support set in primary care, including baseline characteristics of participating women. Methods/Design: MOSAIC (MOtherS' Advocates In the Community) was a cluster randomised trial embedded in general practice and maternal and child health (MCH) nursing services in disadvantaged suburbs of Melbourne, Australia. Women who were pregnant or with infants, identified as abused or symptomatic of abuse, were referred by IPV-trained GPs and MCH nurses from 24 general practices and eight nurse teams from January 2006 to December 2007. Women in the intervention arm received up to 12 months support from trained and supported non-professional mentor mothers. Vietnamese health professionals also referred Vietnamese women to bilingual mentors in a sub-study. Baseline and follow-up surveys at 12 months measured IPV (CAS), depression (EPDS), general health (SF-36), social support (MOS-SF) and attachment to children (PSI-SF). Significant development and piloting occurred prior to trial commencement. Implementation interviews with MCH nurses, GPs and mentors assisted further refinement of the intervention. In-depth interviews with participants and mentors, and follow-up surveys of MCH nurses and GPs at trial conclusion will shed further light on MOSAIC's impact. Discussion: Despite significant challenges, MOSAIC will make an important contribution to the need for evidence of effective partner violence interventions, the role of non-professional mentors in partner violence support services and the need for more evaluation of effective health professional training and support in caring for abused women and children among their populations.

Talukdar, D. N. (2012). "Perception of victims of dog bite attending anti-rabies vaccination: a case study in Mangaldoi Civil Hospital." North-East Veterinarian 12(4): 27-30.
	In this study, 52 dog bite victims reported at the Mangaldoi Civil Hospital in Assam, India, during April-May 2009 were interviewed. It was shown that the majorities of the bites were in the extremities and occurred without provocation. 60% of victims were aged 0-29 years, with most being children. More than 70% of victims were not aware about rabies, 21.1% were unaware of its symptoms and 90.38% were unaware of the outcome. Only 3.84% washed the bite wounds with soap and water, while 84.61% applied ointments. 90.38% sought medical help for the bites. Most of the victims opined that adoption of health awareness programmes at the village and school levels will be more effective than those using leaflets, posters and electronic print media.

Tamrat Befekadu, A., et al. (2016). "Healthcare professionals' awareness, knowledge, attitudes, perceptions and beliefs about Ebola at Gondar University Hospital, Northwest Ethiopia: a cross-sectional study." Journal of Public Health in Africa 7(2): 55-60.
	A poor understanding of Ebola Virus Disease (EVD) among Health Care Professionals (HCPs) may put our lives at risk. We aimed to assess the awareness, knowledge, attitudes, perceptions, beliefs of HCPs towards Ebola at Gondar University Hospital (GUH) in Northwest Ethiopia. We conducted a hospital based, cross-sectional survey among 245 randomly selected HCPs working at GUH from August-October, 2015. A validated, self-administered questionnaire was used to collect the data. We calculated descriptive statistics with P&lt;0.05 being statistically significant. Of the 245 participants, 211 (86.1%) completed the study. The majority had heard about EVD and used news media (62%) as a source of information. Still, many were afraid of getting EVD (56.4%; P=0.001). A significant number of HCPs thought EVD can cause paralysis like polio (45%) and can be treated with antibiotics (28.4%). In addition, 46.4% of the HCPs felt anger or fear towards Ebola infected patients (P=0.006). We identified poor knowledge and negative incorrect beliefs among doctors and allied health professionals. There is a need for intensive training for all HCPs reduce EVD risk.

Tan, B. K., et al. (2014). "Low back pain beliefs are associated to age, location of work, education and pain-related disability in Chinese healthcare professionals working in China: a cross sectional survey." BMC Musculoskeletal Disorders 15(255): (28 July 2014)-(2028 July 2014).
	Background: Low back pain (LBP) is the leading cause of disability worldwide. Evidence pointing towards a more efficacious model of care using a biopsychosocial approach for LBP management highlights the need to understand the pain-related beliefs of patients and those who treat them. The beliefs held by healthcare professionals (HCPs) are known to influence the treatment advice given to patients and consequently management outcomes. Back pain beliefs are known to be influenced by factors such as culture, education, health literacy, place of work, personal experience of LBP and the sequelae of LBP such as disability. There is currently a knowledge gap among these relationships in non-western countries. The aim of this study was to examine the associations between LBP-related beliefs among Chinese HCPs and characteristics of these HCPs. Methods: A convenience sample of 432 HCPs working in various health settings in Shanghai, China, completed a series of questionnaires assessing their demographic characteristics, LBP status, pain-related disability and their beliefs about their own LBP experience, using the Back beliefs Questionnaire (BBQ) and the Fear Avoidance Beliefs Questionnaire (FABQ). Results: Younger Chinese HCPs (20-29 years) held more negative beliefs and attitudes related to LBP compared to older HCPs (&gt;40 years; BBQ mean difference [95% CI]: 2.4 [0.9 - 3.9], p=0.001). HCPs working outside tertiary hospitals had poorer beliefs concerning the inevitable consequences of LBP (BBQ mean difference [95% CI]: -2.4 [-3.8 - -1.0], p=0.001). HCPs who experienced LBP had higher level of fear avoidance beliefs when experiencing high LBP-related disability (FABQ-physical mean difference [95% CI]: 2.8 [1.5 - 4.1], p&lt;0.001; FABQ-work mean difference [95% CI]: 6.2 [4.0 - 8.4], p&lt;0.001) and had lower level of fear avoidance beliefs if they had completed postgraduate study (FABQ-physical mean difference [95% CI]: 2.9 [-5.8 - 0.0], p=0.049). Conclusion: This study suggests that LBP-related beliefs and attitudes among Chinese HCPs are influenced by age, location of work, level of LBP-related disability and education level. Understanding back pain beliefs of Chinese HCPs forms an important foundation for future studies into the condition and its management in China.

Tan, X. (2010). "Survey on the KAP of AIDS among pregnant and lactating women." Modern Preventive Medicine 37(14): 2687-2688.
	Objective: To know the AIDS knowledge, attitude and practice among pregnant and lactating women and the infection status of AIDS, so as to develop policies for blocking mother-to-child transmission. Methods: A cross-sectional study with questionnaire was carried out to investigate the awareness of AIDS related knowledge, attitude to AIDS and drug abuse status, blood denoting, leaving hometown for working and having sexually transmitted diseases were analyzed, and blood samples were collected for HIV test. Results: The prevalence of HIV infection in the 454 pregnant and lactating women was 0.22%, the eight core indicators of HIV transmission awareness was 47.58%; 64.1% of the interviewees did not want to have everyday-life contact with HIV-positive individuals. The percentages of drug abuse history and leaving hometown for working among the husbands were 0.44% and 30.40%, respectively. 17.10% had ever received condom handing-out services and 84.36% reported that AIDS knowledge and information source from television approach. Conclusion: Maternal HIV infection rate was higher than the common population in the area. For the low awareness of AIDS knowledge, existing fear and discrimination toward HIV infection, unimproved condom distribution and health education, there should be more awareness of maternal AIDS prevention work. Conventional outpatient prenatal HIV testing and improving voluntary counseling testing rate should be proposed.

Tanaka, K. (2010). "Limitations for measuring religion in a different cultural context-The case of Japan." The Social Science Journal 47(4): 845-852.
	The article points out the limitations in surveys measuring religiosity and spirituality using the measures developed in Christian or Western contexts. Japanese people think of religion (shukyo) as revealed religion such as Christianity that has specific doctrinal belief and faith. Through their history of religious regulation, Japanese people came to consider themselves 'non-religious' as a way of survival, not to be punished by political authorities and not to be stigmatized in their community. Thus they tend to answer that they consider themselves 'non-religious' in surveys, while performing ritual performances for their ancestors in Buddhist temples and Buddhist altars not only to thank ancestors but also to ease the psychological fear people have toward muenbotoke, restless ancestors who have no legitimate offspring to take care of them. To extend the study of spirituality or religiousness in the Japanese context, qualitative studies are necessary not to misinterpret religiousness and spirituality in Japanese context. [Copyright Elsevier Inc.]

Tang, X., et al. (2014). "Survey on AIDS related KAP among voluntary blood donors in Chongqing and Shandong." Modern Preventive Medicine 41(16): 2987-2989.
	Objective: The purpose of this study was to investigate AIDS related knowledge, attitude and behavior among voluntary blood donors, in order to provide scientific basis for proper health education among blood donors. Methods: Two hundred and sixty-eight blood donors in Chongqing and 265 blood donors in Shandong from fixed or mobile blood collection points were randomly and anonymously investigated. Results: Among the 533 blood donors, the rate of awareness about AIDS in Shandong was 39.96%, which was higher than that in Chongqing (31.52%) (P&lt;0.05). The rate of awareness was significantly different among subjects with different education level (P&lt;0.01). Less than 50% of the blood donors had correct attitude and behavior towards person with AIDS. About 42% of the blood donors had fear and doubt about being infected with AIDS in blood donating process. Conclusion: The health education regarding AIDS related knowledge should be strengthened among the voluntary blood donors in Chongqing and Shandong.

Tarling, R. and K. Morris (2010). "Reporting Crime to the Police." British Journal of Criminology 50(3): 474-490.
	This paper examines how crime reporting has changed over time by comparing findings from the 2007/08 British Crime Survey with the results obtained from the last major enquiry reported in 1994. International research conducted since that date is also reviewed. The paper finds that seriousness of the offence is still the most important factor influencing victims’ decisions. But reporting rates have changed: broadly, property crime is less likely to be reported whereas violent crime is more likely to be reported. As property crime predominates, the overall trend has been downward. There has been a very notable shift in that crimes committed by family members and others well known to the victim are much more likely to be reported than previously. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of British Journal of Criminology is the property of Oxford University Press / USA and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Taylor, B. G. and E. A. Mumford (2016). "A National Descriptive Portrait of Adolescent Relationship Abuse." Journal of interpersonal violence 31(6): 963-988.
	This article reports results from the National Survey on Teen Relationships and Intimate Violence (STRiV) for 12- to 18-year-old youth (n = 1,804). STRiV provides the first nationally representative household survey focused on adolescent relationship abuse (ARA), covering perpetration and victimization. Among respondents (37%) reporting current- or past-year dating, 69% reported lifetime ARA victimization (63% lifetime ARA perpetration). Although psychological abuse was most common for these youth (more than 60%), the rates of sexual abuse (18%) and physical abuse victimization (18%), as well as 12% reporting perpetrating physical abuse and/or sexual abuse (12%) were substantial as well. Other than differences by age and gender, ARA rates were consistent by race/ethnicity, geographic region, urbanicity, and household characteristics, highlighting the importance of universal prevention programs. Compared with youth aged 15 to 18, those 12 to 14 years old reported lower rates of psychological and sexual ARA victimization. Similarly, we found lower ARA perpetration rates for those 12 to 14. We found no gender differences for ARA victimization but found that girls perpetrated more physical ARA than boys. Girls aged 15 to 18 reported perpetrating moderate threats/physical violence at more than twice the rate of younger girls and 3 times the rate compared with boys aged 15 to 18; girls aged 15 to 18 reported perpetrating more than 4 times the rate of serious psychological abuse than boys 15 to 18. Finally, these data document the significant positive correlation between ARA victimization and perpetration. Findings suggest that when working with youth in prevention services, interventions should not be designed for monolithic groups of “victims” or “perpetrators.” [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Journal of Interpersonal Violence is the property of Sage Publications Inc. and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Taylor, B. G., et al. (2015). "Effectiveness of "Shifting Boundaries" teen dating violence prevention program for subgroups of middle school students." Journal of Adolescent Health 56(2, Suppl. 2): S20-S26.
	Purpose: We examine whether the Shifting Boundaries (SB) intervention, a primary intervention to prevent youth dating violence and sexual harassment (DV/H), is differentially effective for girls compared with boys or for youth with a history of DV/H experiences. Methods: We randomly assigned SB to 30 public middle schools in New York City, enrolling 117 sixth and seventh grade classes to receive a classroom, building, combined, or neither intervention. The SB classroom intervention included six sessions emphasizing the laws/consequences of DV/H, establishing boundaries and safe relationships. The SB schoolwide/building intervention included the use of school-based restraining orders, greater faculty/security presence in unsafe "hot spots" mapped by students, and posters to increase DV/H awareness and reporting. Student surveys were implemented at baseline, immediately after intervention, and 6 months after intervention. Results: At 6 months after intervention, the SB building-level intervention was associated with significant reductions in the frequency of sexual harassment (SH) perpetration and victimization; the prevalence and frequency of sexual dating violence victimization; and the frequency of total dating violence victimization and perpetration. We also had one anomalous finding that the interventions were associated with an increase in the prevalence of SH victimization. These results were consistent for girls and boys, and those with or without a history of DV/H, with the one exception for those exposed to the SB building condition who had earlier reported perpetrating SH had a significantly lower frequency of perpetrating SH at the follow-up than those without such a history. Conclusions: SB can provide effective universal prevention of middle school DV/H experiences, regardless of students' prior exposure histories, and for boys and girls.

Taylor, G. G. and S. W. Smith (2019). "Teacher Reports of Verbal Aggression in School Settings Among Students With Emotional and Behavioral Disorders." Journal of Emotional & Behavioral Disorders 27(1): 52-64.
	Verbal aggression (VA) is among the most prevalent forms of problem behavior in schools with detrimental effects for both perpetrators and victims, yet little is known about VA among students with emotional and behavioral disorders (EBD). Accordingly, we surveyed 279 teachers of students with behavioral disorders to examine the prevalence, frequency, locations, bystander presence and interactions, student responses, and teacher assigned consequences for verbal aggressiveness. A majority of teachers indicated daily student-to-student and student-to-adult VA with students frequently reporting, complaining, or seeking advice. Teachers noted that VA takes place in multiple locations, with at least one bystander present, and they observed victim verbal retaliation and physical assaults. Teacher responses included redirection and verbal warnings. Few teachers reported instruction of alternative prosocial behaviors. We discuss the potential implications of these findings and the impact teacher perceptions may have on strategy selection when addressing VA. We propose a few areas for future research including teachers' level of concern about the harmfulness of VA, the intent to harm when students with EBD engage in VA, the need for specialized teacher training, and the development of a conceptual framework to inform an integrated and substantive view of the VA phenomenon. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Journal of Emotional & Behavioral Disorders is the property of Sage Publications Inc. and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Taylor, J., et al. (2014). "The convergent validity of three surveys as alternative sources of health information to the 2011 UK census." Social Science & Medicine 116: 187-192.
	Censuses have traditionally been a key source of localised information on the state of a nation's health. Many countries are now adopting alternative approaches to the traditional census, placing such information at risk. The purpose of this paper is to inform debate about whether existing social surveys could provide an adequate 'base' for alternative model-based small area estimates of health data in a post traditional census era. Using a case study of 2011 UK Census questions on self-assessed health and limiting long term illness, we examine the extent to which the results from three large-scale surveys - the Health Survey for England, the Crime Survey for England and Wales and the Integrated Household Survey - conform to census output. Particularly in the case of limiting long term illness, the question wording renders comparisons difficult. However, with the exception of the general health question from the Health Survey for England all three surveys meet tests for convergent validity. [Copyright Elsevier Ltd.]

Taylor, S. C. (2017). "Community perceptions of a public sex offender registry introduced in Western Australia." Police Practice & Research 18(3): 275-290.
	Publically accessible information about sex offenders through an online registry of sex offenders has been a polemic issue for governments, police and the wider community with debate largely driven by community expectations of police ensuring the safety of children and women from sexual predators. In October 2012, Western Australia became the first and currently only state or territory in Australia to allow public access to a three tiered register via the Community Protection Website (CPW) that would be monitored by West Australian Police. The introduction of this website triggered significant debate across the country. A survey was developed to capture the opinions of members of the public who had accessed the online registry to understand their views of the online tool and its purpose as a form of community safety. Findings from the survey reveal that the community lacks understanding of the prevalence of child sexual abuse and the fact that a child is more likely to experience sexual victimization within the family unit. There is also a need for greater community education and awareness about the purpose and limitations of the CPW as many believed that all sex known sex offenders are publicly registered, therefore creating a false sense of security. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Police Practice & Research is the property of Routledge and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Taylor, S. C. and C. Norma (2012). "The “Symbolic Protest” Behind Women’s Reporting of Sexual Assault Crime to Police." Feminist Criminology 7(1): 24-47.
	We introduce the term symbolic protest to identify and analyze a key motivator for the reporting decisions of victims of sexual violence. We contend that reporting sexual assault crime to police is an important expression of “symbolic protest” at a criminal justice system that does not generally serve women’s interests. Women show great courage and self-sacrifice in reporting sexual assault crime, and we identify three major factors that motivate them to do so, namely, (a) the need to have sexual assault recognized as a crime, (b) a desire to raise community awareness of sexual assault, and (c) a desire to protect other women and girls. [ABSTRACT FROM PUBLISHER]
Copyright of Feminist Criminology is the property of Sage Publications Inc. and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Tayyab, F., et al. (2017). "Men and Women’s Perceptions of Justifications of Wife Beating: Evidence from Pakistan Demographic and Health Survey 2012–13." Journal of Family Violence 32(7): 721-730.
	Pakistani women are vulnerable to all kinds of violence due to the patriarchal setup of society. We examined the justification of wife beating by women and men of reproductive group that comprised of 15–49 years of age by doing secondary data analysis on nationally representative cross- sectional survey data from the Pakistan Demographic and Health Survey, 2012–13. The analysis was conducted on randomly selected 13,558 ever- married women and 3134 ever- married men representing all the four provinces of Pakistan including Gilgit Baltistan and federal capital Islamabad. The data showed that women justified wife beating more as compared to men. The findings of multivariable logistic regression depicted that women living with partners, having no access to information, lacking autonomy, and no control over income were more likely to justify wife beating while men who did not have access to information were more in favor of this acts. These findings may help in devising strategies to change the mindset regarding justification of wife beating in Pakistan.

Tayyab, F., et al. (2017). "Men and Women's Perceptions of Justifications of Wife Beating: Evidence from Pakistan Demographic and Health Survey 2012-13." Journal of Family Violence 32(7): 721-730.
	Pakistani women are vulnerable to all kinds of violence due to the patriarchal setup of society. We examined the justification of wife beating by women and men of reproductive group that comprised of 15-49 years of age by doing secondary data analysis on nationally representative cross- sectional survey data from the Pakistan Demographic and Health Survey, 2012-13. The analysis was conducted on randomly selected 13,558 ever- married women and 3134 ever- married men representing all the four provinces of Pakistan including Gilgit Baltistan and federal capital Islamabad. The data showed that women justified wife beating more as compared to men. The findings of multivariable logistic regression depicted that women living with partners, having no access to information, lacking autonomy, and no control over income were more likely to justify wife beating while men who did not have access to information were more in favor of this acts. These findings may help in devising strategies to change the mindset regarding justification of wife beating in Pakistan. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Journal of Family Violence is the property of Springer Nature and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Teferi, A. and G. Samson (2019). "Magnitude of road traffic accident related injuries and fatalities in Ethiopia." PLoS ONE 14(1): e0202240-e0202240.
	Background: In many developing countries there is paucity of evidence regarding the epidemiology of road traffic accidents (RTAs). The study determines the rates of injuries and fatalities associated with RTAs in Ethiopia based on the data of a recent national survey. Methods: The study is based on the secondary data of the Ethiopian Demographic and Health Survey conducted in 2016. The survey collected information about occurrence injuries and accidents including RTAs in the past 12 months among 75,271 members of 16,650 households. Households were selected from nine regions and two city administrations of Ethiopia using stratified cluster sampling procedure. Results: Of the 75,271 household members enumerated, 123 encountered RTAs in the reference period and rate of RTA-related injury was 163 (95% confidence interval (CI): 136-195) per 100,000 population. Of the 123 causalities, 28 were fatal, making the fatality rate 37 (95% CI: 25-54) per 100,000 population. The RTA-related injuries and fatalities per 100,000 motor vehicles were estimated as 21,681 (95% CI: 18,090-25,938) and 4,922 (95% CI: 3325-7183), respectively. Next to accidental falls, RTAs were the second most common form of accidents and injuries accounting for 22.8% of all such incidents. RTAs contributed to 43.8% of all fatalities secondary to accidents and injuries. Among RTA causalities, 21.9% were drivers, 35.0% were passenger vehicle occupants and 36.0% were vulnerable road users including: motorcyclists (21.0%), pedestrians (12.1%) and cyclists (2.9%). Approximately half (47.1%) of the causalities were between 15-29 years of age and 15.3% were either minors younger than 15 years or seniors older than 64 years of age. Nearly two-thirds (65.0%) of the victims were males. Conclusion: RTA-related causalities are extremely high in Ethiopia. Male young adults and vulnerable road users are at increased risk of RTAs. There is a urgent need for bringing road safety to the country's public health agenda.

Tekin, A., et al. (2013). "An analysis of 263 female patients exposed to physical violence that admitted to a hospital emergency department in Turkey." Healthmed 7(4): 1075-1078.
	Violence against women is a continuing social issue and there is a need to implement ways of reducing this problem. In our study, the demographic characteristics and trauma zones of women who attended the emergency department of a hospital in Turkey were investigated together with whether the women had received any psychiatric support. 263 of 646 women who were the victims of physical violence attended the Emergency Department of Diskapi Yildirim Beyazit Training and Research Hospital from 2009 to 2010. The women were contacted by telephone invited to participate in the research. Violence against women is seen most frequently in the 20-40 age group. It is seen from this study that the most common physical violence against women mostly occurs among those who have low levels of education and income, are married and have children. It was also found that 7.6% of patients had received psychiatric support after being subjected to violence. When the educational level increases, the rate of receiving psychiatric support increases. In terms of violence against women, emergency physicians and also wider society should be informed about the extent of the problem, second there is a need for more training in the recognition of violence to women. In addition the reasons for this violence and ways of resolving the problem should be further investigated.

Telep, C. W. (2017). "Police Officer Receptivity to Research and Evidence-Based Policing: Examining Variability Within and Across Agencies." Crime & Delinquency 63(8): 976-999.
	Recent calls for police to focus more on integrating research into practice require paying closer attention to how receptive frontline practitioners are to using research. Officers in four U.S. municipal agencies (n = 992) were surveyed to assess their exposure to research, knowledge about the evidence base, view of science, and willingness to evaluate interventions. Multivariate results show that officer awareness of evidence-based policing and willingness to work with researchers are influenced by education and prior research exposure. These factors strongly predict more specific indicators of receptivity. Results also suggest substantial variation in attitudes across agencies, emphasizing the importance of organizational context. The most receptive officers in our sample vary significantly from all others on multiple experience variables. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Crime & Delinquency is the property of Sage Publications Inc. and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Telep, C. W. and C. Lum (2014). "The Receptivity of Officers to Empirical Research and Evidence-Based Policing: An Examination of Survey Data From Three Agencies." Police Quarterly 17(4): 359-385.
	Police officer receptivity to empirical research and evidence-based policing is important to consider because officers are responsible for implementing approaches validated by research on the street. Officer survey data from Sacramento, California; Richmond, Virginia; and Roanoke County, Virginia suggest prospects and challenges for advancing evidence-based policing. Generally, officers use few tools to learn about research, but their views are in line with the evidence for some strategies. Officers typically value experience more than research to guide practice, but they also tend to recognize the importance of working with researchers to address crime. Officers show some willingness to conduct evaluations but are most interested in using less rigorous methodologies. The findings across agencies are fairly similar, although some differences do emerge. [ABSTRACT FROM PUBLISHER]
Copyright of Police Quarterly is the property of Sage Publications Inc. and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Telep, C. W. and L. J. Somers (2019). "Examining police officer definitions of evidence-based policing: are we speaking the same language?" Policing & Society 29(2): 171-187.
	Evidence-based policing has become a commonly used term in academic circles to describe policing practices guided by research evidence demonstrating their effectiveness. Little is known, however, about how police practitioners understand and define the term and the extent to which these definitions align with researcher conceptions of the term. We examine data from a survey on receptivity to research administered to 1355 police officers, supervisors, and leaders from multiple US agencies. Officers familiar with the term 'evidence-based policing' were asked to define it, and we coded each definition for key terms identified in the literature as relevant to evidence-based practice and for overall match to commonly used academic definitions. Our results suggest variability in both familiarity with the term 'evidence-based policing' and use of key terms from academic definitions based on rank. Higher ranking officers were more likely to have definitions that aligned with academic conceptions, although very few officer definitions fully matched those provided by researchers. Multivariate results suggest higher education is associated with more 'correct' definitions. We discuss the implications of our work for efforts to make policing more evidence-based. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Policing & Society is the property of Routledge and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Tello, M. A., et al. (2010). "Barriers to recommended gynecologic care in an urban United States HIV clinic." Journal of Women's Health 19(8): 1511-1518.
	Background: Despite an increased risk for cervical cytologic abnormalities, HIV-infected women frequently miss their gynecology appointments. We examined barriers to adherence with gynecologic care in an urban HIV clinic. Methods: We conducted a cross-sectional survey of 200 women receiving gynecologic services in an urban HIV clinic, followed by focus groups. Primary outcomes included (1) missed gynecology appointments and (2) receipt of a Pap smear in the previous year. Independent variables included sociodemographic characteristics, child care responsibilities, substance use, depressive symptoms, social support, interpersonal violence, CD4 count, and HIV-1 RNA. We conducted multivariable logistic regression to examine associations between independent variables and outcomes. We then held two focus groups designed to gather opinions on and increase our understanding of the key findings from the survey. Results: Of 200 women, 69% missed at least one gynecology appointment, and 22% had no Pap smear in the past year. In logistic regression, moderate (odds ratio [OR] 3.1, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.4-6.7) and severe (OR 3.1, 95% CI 1.3-7.5) depressive symptoms and past-month substance use (OR 2.3, 95% CI 1.0-5.3) were associated with missing an appointment in the prior year. An education level of less than high school (OR 0.3, 95% CI 0.1-0.6) compared with high school diploma or greater was associated with not having a Pap smear in the previous year. When analyses were limited to women with a cervix (n=166), moderate (OR 2.5, 95% CI 1.1-5.7) and severe (OR 2.5, 95% CI 1.0-6.3) depressive systems remained significantly associated with missing a gynecology appointment in the previous year and age &gt;50 (OR 0.3, 95% CI 0.1-0.9), an HIV-1 RNA &gt;50 (OR 0.4, 95% CI 0.2-0.9), and education level less than high school (OR 0.2, 95% CI 0.1-0.5) were associated with not having a Pap smear in the past 12 months. Qualitative analysis of the focus group data suggested that fear, inclement weather, and forgetting appointments may contribute to missed gynecology appointments. Conclusion: Gynecologic healthcare is underused among HIV-infected women. We found that depressive symptoms, substance use, fear of the gynecologic examination, and simply forgetting about the appointment may be barriers to gynecologic care. Interventions targeting these barriers may improve use of gynecologic care among this population.

Teye, J. K. (2013). "Modern contraceptive use among women in the Asuogyaman district of Ghana: is reliability more important than health concerns?" African Journal of Reproductive Health 17(2): 58-71.
	This study examines the socio-demographic determinants of modern contraceptive use among women in the Asuogyaman district of Ghana. The results reveal that although 97% of the survey respondents knew of at least one modern method of contraception, only 16% of them were using modern contraceptives. Statistical tests show that level of education, place of residence, and work status significantly influence modern contraceptive use among women in the study area. Fear of side effects, desire for more children, and partner's disapproval were the main barriers to modern contraceptive use in the study area. The use of traditional methods of contraception was very high because of the perception that they are safer. Based on these findings, it has been suggested that in addition to making family planning services available and accessible, health workers must address attitudinal factors such as fear of side effects and high fertility preferences.

Thanh Mai, H., et al. (2019). "Consumer concern about food safety in Hanoi, Vietnam." Food Control 98: 238-244.
	A growing demand for safe and high quality food in Vietnam has been driven by not only the rise in living standard but also consumer worry about food safety. This paper analyses consumer concern about food safety and its determinants, taking into account spatial disparities. Using the mixed method which combines data from our consumer survey and group discussions in Hanoi, we found that consumers experienced a high level of anxiety about food safety. In their eyes, pesticide residues, food preservatives, and hormone in livestock were top three risky hazards. As a result, vegetables, fruits, and meat were considered to be most unsafe. The concern about food safety was shaped by the fear of food hazards, risk perception of protein food, risk perception of vegetables and fruits, food risk information acquisition, and region. Region was the most important determinant of food safety concern, suggesting that spatial disparities exist. With a limited capacity to self-supply food and weaker social and kinship networks, urban consumers perceived a lower level of control over food safety. Their level of worry about food safety, therefore, was higher than their rural counterparts. Hence, urban farming is important, as it will help reduce urban consumers' distress about food safety. To eliminate consumer fear in both rural and urban regions, better risk communication aiming at educating consumers about food hazards is required. Trust in food can be restored by better control of hazards and the safety of common food products.

Theobald, D. and D. P. Farrington (2009). "Effects of Getting Married on Offending." European Journal of Criminology 6(6): 496-516.
	In the Cambridge Study in Delinquent Development, 411 males were followed up from age 8 to age 48. This analysis of the effects of marriage on offending is based on 162 convicted males. The age of marriage was stratified into early (18-21 years), mid-range (22-24 years), and late (25 years or later). Risk factors at age 8-10 were used to calculate propensity scores that predicted the likelihood of getting married. Convictions before and after the age of first marriage were investigated for married males and for unmarried males who were matched on the number of convictions before marriage and on the propensity score. The results showed that getting married was followed by a reduction in offending but only for early (age 18-21) and mid-range (age 22-24) marriages. The analysis was replicated using risk factors at age 18, with the same results. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of European Journal of Criminology is the property of Sage Publications, Ltd. and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Theobald, D. and D. P. Farrington (2009). "Effects of Getting Married on Offending: Results from a Prospective Longitudinal Survey of Males." European Journal of Criminology 6(6): 496-516.
	In the Cambridge Study in Delinquent Development, 411 males were followed up from age 8 to age 48. This analysis of the effects of marriage on offending is based on 162 convicted males. The age of marriage was stratified into early (18--21 years), mid-range (22--24 years), and late (25 years or later). Risk factors at age 8--10 were used to calculate propensity scores that predicted the likelihood of getting married. Convictions before and after the age of first marriage were investigated for married males and for unmarried males who were matched on the number of convictions before marriage and on the propensity score. The results showed that getting married was followed by a reduction in offending but only for early (age 18--21) and mid-range (age 22--24) marriages. The analysis was replicated using risk factors at age 18, with the same results. [Reprinted by permission of Sage Publications, Ltd., copyright holder.]

Thomas, K. A., et al. (2010). "Police-documented incidents of intimate partner violence among young women." Journal of Women's Health 19(6): 1079-1087.
	Aim: Few studies have examined adolescent victims of intimate partner violence (IPV) whose victimization is reported to the police or the nature of the incidents that led to the police call. This oversight is problematic for healthcare providers, given that overlap between the use of healthcare and police services is high among IPV victims. We assessed the frequency and nature of police-documented incidents of IPV by men against female adolescents aged 15-17 compared with those against young women aged 18-22. Methods: A systematic case ascertainment strategy was applied to administrative data from the Compstat database of a large U.S. metropolitan police department to identify IPV incidents with victims &lt;23 years old. We created additional variables from incident narratives and conducted descriptive analyses on the identified cases. Results: During January-September 2005, police filed reports on 1607 incidents of IPV against women &lt;23 years old: one tenth were younger than 18. Although their risk of police-documented IPV was lower, adolescents' experiences of IPV were remarkably similar to those of 18-22-year-olds. As with adult victims, most assaults against adolescents were through bodily force (94.4%) and occurred in a private residence (75.0%). A substantial minority of adolescents were in adultlike relationships: 9.0% were married, 31.3% were cohabiting, and 20.2% had a child in common. A higher proportion of adolescents, however, experienced an aggravated (vs. simple) assault (11.1%) and sustained visible injuries (12.1%). Conclusions: The commonalities between adolescent and young women's experiences of IPV regarding the nature of the assault, observed injuries, and relationship to assailants have important implications for policy and practice. Findings suggest that routine screening for IPV should begin in adolescence to help prevent future abuse and injury.

Thompson, L. M., et al. (2018). "Adoption of liquefied petroleum gas stoves in Guatemala: a mixed-methods study." EcoHealth 15(4): 745-756.
	Household air pollution is the sixth leading risk factor for premature mortality in Guatemala. Households in Guatemala are gradually adopting liquefied petroleum gas (LPG) stoves, but a strong tradition of woodstove use persists. We conducted a mixed-methods study of LPG stove use in peri-urban Guatemala. We used knowledge, attitudes and practices surveys with 187 LPG stove owners who also used woodstoves to identify perceptions of stove and cooking practices. Barriers to sustained use of LPG stoves were evaluated through focus groups, participant observations with stove users, and key informant interviews with community leaders. Seven themes emerged that explain household decisions to use LPG stoves: (1) The "new technology" should be framed in terms of what the "old technology" lacks, (2) income is not a predictor of gas stove acquisition but may predict sustained use, (3) men are key decision-makers but messages about LPG do not target them, (4) when stoves are viewed as "prize possessions" they may not be used, (5) collective fear about gas stoves is not based on personal experience, but on "stories we hear," (6) sustained LPG use is hampered by two major factors, seasonally available wood and LPG retailers who are perceived as dishonest, and (7) wood fuel collection is a time to enjoy the company of friends and family and is not "drudgery." National policies should promote the use of clean cookstove technologies in peri-urban and rapidly urbanizing areas in Guatemala where LPG stoves are in use, but used intermittently, instead of the current plan to install 100,000 "improved" woodstoves by 2032. This could be done by improving dependable cylinder distribution services, targeting gas safety and promoting positive health messages that appeal to men, as well as women.

Thompson, R. (2017). "Portable Electronics and Trends in Goods Stolen from the Person." Journal of Research in Crime & Delinquency 54(2): 276-298.
	Objectives: To better understand theft of portable electronic goods, this study examined the type of goods stolen during theft and robbery in England and Wales over almost two decades. Methods: Using all sweeps of the Crime Survey for England and Wales between 1994 and 2011, the proportion of incidents where a particular item was stolen was calculated and then compared over time. Results: A small range of items accounted for the bulk of what was taken, namely, cash, purses/wallets, credit/debit cards, and mobile phones. Conclusions: Considerable changes to the stolen goods landscape were found, with a shift from more traditional items such as cash and purses/wallets to portable electronic items such as mobile phones. Recommendations are made for preventing the loss of the items most frequently stolen during offenses of theft and robbery. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Journal of Research in Crime & Delinquency is the property of Sage Publications Inc. and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Thornton, F., et al. (2019). "Human mobility and environmental change: a survey of perceptions and policy direction." Population and Environment 40(3): 239-256.
	Research concerning human mobility in the context of environmental change is primarily focused on analyses of the nexus itself. We have taken a less-travelled route, focusing on those who take an interest in the issue, engage with it professionally or seek to address the multitude of social, economic and political dimensions associated with it. We used an online survey to examine perceptions of the human mobility/environmental change nexus amongst those who work with or within it (n = 262 respondents), situating our findings within the policy development they often seek or help to propel. We outline respondents’ overall characteristics, their conceptualisation of the human mobility/environmental change nexus and, finally, their policy preferences or priorities. We find, overall, that respondents are concerned with mobility approaches that promote equity as well as economic opportunity.

Thu, A., et al. (2012). "Knowledge, attitudes and practice concerning tuberculosis in a growing industrialised area in Myanmar." International Journal of Tuberculosis and Lung Disease 16(3): 330-335.
	SETTING: Factories in industrial zones in Yangon, Myanmar, one of the 22 high tuberculosis (TB) burden countries. OBJECTIVES: To assess workers' knowledge about TB, their health-seeking behaviour, acceptability of TB screening and predictors for approval of the dismissal of TB patients. DESIGN: In a cross-sectional survey, structured interviews with 349 factory workers were followed by 27 indepth interviews and two focus group discussions with employers. RESULTS: Among 349 workers, 95% perceived TB as being curable, 50% correctly reported air as the main mode of transmission and 68% were aware of free treatment. Although 88% perceived screening before employment as necessary, only 14% underwent screening; 96% were willing to undergo contact screening for TB, but only 55% could afford it; 33% agreed with the dismissal of workers with TB, which was associated with lower education, shorter time in employment, not having a history of TB contact and unwillingness to work with an index TB case due to fear and lack of knowledge. CONCLUSION: More effective communication strategies towards factory workers are needed to increase workers' knowledge about transmission and reduce stigma. Employers should be sensitised to protect employees with TB and invest in preventive activities.

Thurtle, N., et al. (2016). "A comparison of recreational drug use amongst sexual health clinic users in London with existing prevalence data." International Journal of STD & AIDS 27(14): 1309-1316.
	The objective was to give an overview of self-reported recreational drug use amongst attendees of sexual health clinics in London and compare this to existing datasets. Between December 2013 and March 2014, attendees of two sexual health clinics in London were surveyed. Data collected were: sexual history, smoking and alcohol and recreational drug use. Data were analysed using SPSS (version 21). A total of 1472 respondents were included; 778 (52.9%) men, 676 (45.9%) women and 3 (0.2%) transgender (15 [1.0%] did not answer). Mean age was 30.6±9.0 years. A total of 339 (43.6%) men were men who have sex with men (MSM), and 18 (2.4%) women were women who have sex with women. Lifetime prevalence of use was: alcohol 94.1%; cannabis 48.5%; 'poppers' (volatile nitrites) 28.2%; cocaine 26.8% and 3,4-methylenedioxy-methamphetamine pills 23.2%. Our population had higher current popper, methamphetamine and mephedrone use than the Crime Survey of England and Wales but lower use of cannabis, poppers and Viagra than the European MSM Internet Survey. Global Drug Survey and Part of the Picture respondents' use were higher than our population for all drugs. Drug use in this population had a different pattern to general population surveys and studies involving only MSM.

Tiembré, I., et al. (2010). "Epidemiologic monitoring of human rabies in an endemic canine rabies area in the Ivory Coast. / Surveillance épidémiologique de la rage humaine dans un contexte d'endémie de rage canine en Cote d'Ivoire." Médecine et Maladies Infectieuses 40(7): 398-403.
	Aim. The objective of this study was to analyze the epidemiologic monitoring of human rabies in the rabies medical center of Abidjan. Patient. A cross-sectional study was undertaken based on files of patients having consulted in the rabies center after exposure and suspicion of human rabies between January 2001 and June 2009. Results. Twenty-six cases of human rabies were reported in 10,706,136 inhabitants (annual incidence of 0.028 cases per 100,000). The number of detected cases increased considerably after reinforcing the monitoring of the disease. Most cases occurred in an urban environment and concerned both sexes. The most concerned age range was under 31 years. The patients' were mostly school children and housewives. In all cases, the rabid animal was a dog and the type of exposure was a bite. Fifty-six percent of the victims had not received any local treatment and almost all no post-exposure prophylaxis. The mean delay before the first symptoms was 49.5 days after exposure and for death, 4 days after the onset of symptoms. Virological diagnosis was made in four cases. Conclusion. In spite of the increase of cases observed since 2006, certainly due to reinforcement of the monitoring network, improvement is needed to assess the real incidence of rabies in the Ivory Coast.

Tiembre, I., et al. (2009). "Epidemiologic and clinical aspects of toxic waste poisoning in Abidjan. / Aspects épidémiologiques et cliniques de l'intoxication par les déchets toxiques dans le district d'Abidjan." Cahiers d'Études et de Recherches Francophones/Santé 19(4): 189-194.
	In the nights of 19 to 21 August, 2006, highly toxic waste products were dumped at various sites in Abidjan, and numerous cases of poisoning were reported to the health authorities, who were unprepared for such a problem. The research group on Environment and Health in Urban Environment from the Swiss Center of Scientific Research and its partners at the Swiss Tropical Institute undertook this study whose objectives were to: describe the epidemiologic profile of the people poisoned; identify the main clinical symptoms and the risk factors for poisoning; and recommend steps to attenuate the effects and to prevent intermediate- and long-term consequences. Methodology: This cross-sectional study examined the populations living around the discharge sites (n=6). The sample size was calculated at 619 people per site, to identify a 1% risk and a standard error of 0.4%, because of variability of the human impact factor at the different sites. Households were chosen at each site by the transect technique. Six teams, each including a physician, a public health agent and a local guide collected the data, after specific training. A pilot investigation made it possible to validate the final questionnaire. Results: Of 4573 people surveyed, 4344 people, about 95%, were home during the toxic waste discharge. In all, 2369 (51.8%) had signs of poisoning. Sex, district of residence, and presence at home at the time of the discharge were all statistically related to poisoning. The distribution of poison victims according to health centre shows that 1297 people (64.4%) visited a health center 615 of them (about 47.4%) a public or official centre, and 778 (about 60%), an unofficial centre; 379 (29-2%) were managed by an NGO, 159 individuals (12.3%) by mobile units, 63 individuals (4.8%) by the unofficial public health centre, and 35 (2.7%) at an unspecified site. Of those who sought care, 673 people (about 51.8%) received a medical prescription, and 815 (or 62.7%) had been given the drug directly, for free. 94 individuals (about 7.2%) chose their own self-medication, and 74 people (5.7%) a traditional treatment. In all, 34 people, about 2.6% of those who sought care, were hospitalized. Of the subjects who went to a health centre, 1421 (72.8%) had a positive course and 532 (27.7%) an unfavourable course. The latter complained especially of respiratory signs, in particular a cough and thoracic pains (21.8%), digestive signs (diarrhoea and abdominal distension, about 21.5%), and cutaneous (pruritus) and neurological (headaches) signs (20.7%). Overall, 532 people (21%) still presented signs during the investigation. Conclusion: This study highlighted the persistence of the symptoms among many of those poisoned more than 4 months afterwards. This phenomenon continues, although the sites have been partially cleaned: the long-term effects on population health remain alarming. Thorough multidisciplinary studies are essential to explore the long-term effects.

Tillyard, G., et al. (2019). "A mixed methods, community-based investigation on women's cancer awareness in Haiti." Health and Social Care in the Community 27(6): 1458-1468.
	Despite a high number of cases, the awareness of breast and cervical cancer in Haiti and other low and middle-income countries (LMICs) remains relatively unknown. The objective of the research was to understand perceptions and attitudes towards breast and cervical cancer in Haiti through community-engaged research. We report Haitians perceptions of breast and cervical cancer symptoms, diagnosis, complications, treatment, community support and access to medical services. Five non-governmental Haitian organisations performed a large survey across the country of Haiti in 2015. The survey and focus groups addressed demographics, reported knowledge of women's cancer, infrastructural issues and barriers to care, communication and media channels. The mixed quantitative and qualitative surveys with open- and closed-ended questions were administered to 414 participants aged 13-65 (75% of whom were women). A separate, smaller survey on community support and gender-based violence was conducted in 50 breast cancer patients and survivors as well. The quantitative data indicate low levels of knowledge about cancer across all geographic regions of the country amongst men and women. After coding participants' qualitative responses as "accurate" or "not accurate", we determined the percentage of accurate responses related to knowledge. Data are reported broken down by geographic region, education, economic status and sex. Approximately one in five respondents reported knowing how a woman contracts breast or cervical cancer. Only 30% reported to know complications of breast cancer and 22% the complications of cervical cancer. When asked if they knew where to get a test for breast cancer, 20% said yes and 33% said they knew where to get a test for cervical cancer. The wealthiest and best educated generally had the most knowledge, but the poorest consistently had the second best. Forty percent of cancer patients reported to be victims of on-going gender-based violence. Further investigation should be undertaken examining the role of gender-based violence and to address the knowledge of the working poor.

Tolsma, J., et al. (2012). "When do people report crime to the police? Results from a factorial survey design in the Netherlands, 2010." Journal of experimental criminology 8(2): 117-134.
	Objectives: In this paper we assess to what extent factors of the reporting process affect the willingness to report crime to the police. The focus is on the following factors: (1) duration and flexibility (i.e. possibility to report outside office hours), (2) method of reporting (i.e. phone, Internet or police station), (3) anonymous reporting, and (4) encouragement by police officers. Methods: We constructed 220 standardized fictive victimization scenarios, which varied systematically in duration and flexibility, reporting method, anonymous reporting and encouragement by the police. A representative sample of the Dutch population (703 respondents in total) indicated for 8 randomly allocated scenarios whether or not they would report the incidents to the police when victimized. Results: The willingness to report is highest when all modes of reporting are available and total time spent in the reporting process is limited. This holds true especially for less severe crimes. Reporting intention is higher when police officers encourage victims to report. Conclusions: The police force is able to influence aspects of the reporting process and thereby to increase reporting rates. Optimizing aspects of the reporting process such as the duration and methods of reporting, which are under direct control of the police, is likely to especially increase the number of crime reports for relatively less severe crimes. Given that encouragement by the police proved to have a substantial impact, campaigns that stress the importance of reporting specific crimes are likely to become successful. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Journal of Experimental Criminology is the property of Springer Nature and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Tom, T. and M. C. C. Musingafi (2013). "Domestic violence in urban areas in Zimbabwe: a case study of Glen Norah (Harare)." Research on Humanities and Social Sciences 3(3): 45-50.
	This study revealed that domestic violence is highly prevalent in Glen Norah and that it has sexual, emotional, psychological, economic, political and social dimensions. The main perpetrators of domestic violence are men; women and children are the main victims. The study also revealed that legislation is not widely adhered to and that most cases of domestic violence are not reported. Awareness and sensitisation programmes done by the state and non state actors are useful but cultural and economic factors hamper their usefulness. The main recommendations are that domestic violence should be criminalised, legislation should be tightened and victims should be supported and protected. Domestic violence is a threat to all forms of human development. Therefore it is everyone's duty to eliminate domestic violence.

Tomic´, M. and M. Cerjak (2014). "Willingness to try novel food among Croatian students. / Voljnost kušanja nove hrane meu hrvatskim studentima." Hrvatski Časopis za Prehrambenu Tehnologiju Biotehnologiju i Nutricionizam - Croatian Journal of Food Technology, Biotechnology and Nutrition 9(3/4): 91-96.
	People differ with regards to their willingness to try novel foods - some are willing to try novel foods while others are less willing or even have a fear of trying novel foods which certainly affects the daily selection of food. The reluctance to try novel foods is associated with the consumption of uniform food, which is unfavorable from the perspective of a novel food producer, as well as the entire food industry. The aim of this study was to determine the factors that affect the willingness to try novel foods among Croatian students. The survey was conducted on a sample of 709 Croatian students. Most of respondents are females, 22-25 years old, they study in Zagreb, live and have grown up in the city and have monthly budget to HRK 1,000.00. Almost half of them like to try novel foods often. National dishes is not consumed frequently among students, but students who consume national dishes more frequently like to try novel foods. Students who frequently travel abroad are more likely to try novel foods, as well as students whose food consumption is strongly influenced by the media and consumers trends. The surveyed students who do not trust novel food or are very particular about the foods they eat rarely like to try novel foods. The premise of greater willingness to try novel foods is based on increasing the supply of novel food for affordable prices, but also increasing the supply of national dishes. It is necessary to enable trying novel foods in places where students gather (college, students restaurants, student centers, supermarkets, town squares).

Tomkins, A., et al. (2018). "How can those engaging in chemsex best be supported? An online survey to gain intelligence in Greater Manchester." International Journal of STD & AIDS 29(2): 128-134.
	Reports of sexualised drug taking (chemsex) have increased significantly in recent years. There is currently limited intelligence on chemsex outside of London. An anonymous survey was promoted via several sources including voluntary services and a sexual health clinic in order to establish the risks associated with chemsex, and how support services can best be tailored to meet the needs of those in Greater Manchester, UK. Quantitative and qualitative data were collected on demographics, drug use, sexual practices and barriers and facilitators to accessing support. Fifty-two men who have sex with men completed the online survey. Thirty-nine (75%) were HIV-positive and 11 (21%) were hepatitis C virus (HCV) positive, all of whom were HIV/HCV co-infected. The most commonly used drugs were mephedrone (81%) and gamma hydroxybutyrate/gamma butyrolactone (79%). Nineteen (37%) reported ever injecting drugs. High-risk sexual practices were reported by respondents. Barriers to accessing support included a fear of being recognised. Findings demonstrate those engaging in chemsex are participating in a number of high-risk sexual practices, taking substances with significant risks and administering these substances in potentially high-risk ways. Results demonstrate the need for promotion of existing services, with key areas to target where chemsex sessions are most commonly arranged. Results may be useful in other metropolitan cities, both for commissioning and tailoring of chemsex support services.

Tomlinson, K. L., et al. (2013). "Social anxiety and onset of drinking in early adolescence." Journal of Child & Adolescent Substance Abuse 22(2): 163-177.
	The present study examines several types of social anxiety that may be associated with the onset of alcohol use in middle school students, and whether the relationship differs by sex and grade. Students in the seventh and eighth grades (N=2,621) completed the Social Anxiety Scale for Adolescents and a measure of lifetime drinking via schoolwide surveys. Distinct aspects of social anxiety were associated with higher and lower rates of onset of alcohol use. A high level of fear of negative evaluation was associated with drinking initiation in boys and girls, while girls who reported no social anxiety or distress in new situations were more likely than other groups to have started drinking by early adolescence. Youths with either very low or very high levels of generalized anxiety had higher rates of drinking than youths with scores in between. These findings suggest that the relationship between social anxiety and initiation of alcohol use is complex and varies by type of anxiety symptomatology.

Torchalla, I., et al. (2012). "The Association Between Childhood Maltreatment Subtypes and Current Suicide Risk Among Homeless Men and Women." Child Maltreatment 17(2): 132-143.
	This study explored self-reports of five childhood maltreatment (CM) subtypes and their associations with current suicide risk in a sample of 500 homeless persons. Participants completed the Childhood Trauma Questionnaire and the Mini-International Neuropsychiatric Interview. Individual, unique, and cumulative associations of CM subtypes and subtype combinations with suicide risk (no vs. low vs. moderate/high) were examined. In multivariate analyses, four of the five CM subtypes were associated with suicide risk in individual models, but not in a model that included all CM subtypes. The strongest associations were found for reports of multitype CM involving all five subtypes. Mental disorders and female sex were independently associated with suicide risk. Clinicians working with CM victims should be aware that homeless clients are likely to report multitype maltreatment and should assess a variety of CM experiences. Future studies need to further examine multitype maltreatment and suicidal behaviors in homeless populations with complex conditions. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Child Maltreatment is the property of Sage Publications Inc. and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Torres-Vitolas, C., et al. (2010). "A comparison of the training needs of maternity and sexual health professionals in a London teaching hospital with regards to routine enquiry for domestic abuse." Public Health 124(8): 472-478.
	Objective: To identify maternity and sexual healthcare professionals' training needs regarding routine enquiry for domestic abuse. Study design: A cross-sectional survey, part of a theory-based evaluation of a routine enquiry for domestic abuse intervention in a South London teaching hospital. Methods: Two hundred and twenty-eight maternity professionals (68% of staff) and 46 sexual health practitioners (45% of staff) attended a 1-day domestic abuse training session. Pre-training questionnaires were completed by 208 respondents (80% response rate). The questionnaire elicited information about previous training experiences, dealing with cases of abuse, general knowledge, attitudes towards victims of abuse and views on routine enquiry. Bivariate and multivariate analyses were conducted to identify differences according to healthcare setting, prior training, and practitioners' demographic and experiential traits. Results: Maternity and sexual health professionals reported positive attitudes towards women affected by abuse, but had limited domestic abuse training. Previously trained health professionals had good general knowledge, but failed to question attendees about abuse. Sexual health professionals were more likely to enquire about domestic abuse, and were more confident about implementing routine enquiry than maternity staff. Views on routine enquiry were influenced by health setting, demographic, attitudinal and experiential factors. Conclusions: Domestic abuse training is necessary in maternity and sexual health services. Educational interventions for routine enquiry should include practice-enabling components in addition to awareness modules and pre-training assessment of individuals' training needs to provide content that is tailored to their clinical practice and working environments. Institutional guidelines are recommended to enhance and sustain the positive effects of training.

Tourangeau, R., et al. (2009). "The Presentation of a Web Survey, Nonresponse and Measurement Error among Members of Web Panel." Journal of Official Statistics 25(3): 299-321.
	This study tests the idea that features of the presentation of a survey to potential respondents can affect nonresponse error, measurement error, and the relation between the two. A few weeks after they had completed one web survey, we asked members of two opt-in web panels to take part in a second web study and systematically varied our description of that survey. The description varied both the purported topic and sponsor of the second survey. The members of the sample were not aware of the connection between the two surveys. We found little evidence that the survey presentation affected response rates to the second survey or the make-up of the sample on the variables we had collected in the initial questionnaire. There were indications, however, that some answers to the questions in the second survey were affected by the framing of the survey request. For example, respondents were less favorable to gun control than they had been in the initial survey when we described the sponsor of the second survey as the "The National Coalition of Gun Owners" rather than "The National Coalition for Victims of Gun Violence" or "The National Center for the Study of Crime." We argue that the description of the survey can affect how respondents interpret the questions and what they see as a useful response. We also found evidence that attitudes toward the survey sponsor and interest in the topic were related to carelessness in completing the questions. Respondents were, for example, less likely to give the same answer to every item in a grid if they had favorable attitudes toward the sponsor than if their attitudes toward the sponsor were unfavorable. Adapted from the source document.

Tremblay-boire, J. and A. Prakash (2017). "Will You Trust Me?: How Individual American Donors Respond to Informational Signals Regarding Local and Global Humanitarian Charities." Voluntas 28(2): 621-647.
	When making charitable donations, individuals would like to have some assurance that their resources will be used appropriately, but they do not necessarily have the time to research charities thoroughly. Charities have thus joined voluntary regulatory programs to signal trustworthiness and good governance. We conduct a survey experiment to explore if individual donors in the United States are more willing to give to a charity participating in a voluntary regulatory program. Because voluntary programs vary in their institutional design, we further test whether the provision of third-party auditing (to ensure that charities abide by program rules and obligations) enhances donor confidence in the voluntary program. Finally, we explore whether individuals seek to circumvent information problems by donating to local charities as opposed to overseas charities. We find that charity membership in a voluntary program does not influence people's willingness to donate significantly, but that location of operations is significant.

Treville, P., et al. (2016). "Study of retirement plan among dental professionals in Navi Mumbai, India: a comprehensive questionnaire survey." Annals of Tropical Medicine and Public Health 9(3): 159-164.
	Background: Dentistry may appear to be a rewarding and satisfying job, but the fear of coming up short may haunt many dentists as they approach retirement. Planning for one's retirement is an issue that concerns all working individuals. The aim of this study was to assess the retirement plans among dental professionals in the City of Navi Mumbai, India. Materials and Methods: It was a cross-sectional study involving 180 dentists and conducted with the help of a self-reported questionnaire. Results: The response rate was 83.33% (150/180). There was a general agreement that the preferred retirement income would be achieved. Nearly, 83% of the dentists were in debt from banks in the form of loans which were taken either for a house, clinic, or a vehicle. Most of the dentists had a private practice and nearly 60% of the dentists were self-employed. Conclusion: Future planning for dentists is important as decisions can be made based on age, investment planning, and their financial status until retirement. In general, dentists are well prepared for their retirement. They have a significant amount of wealth for a comfortable living standard.

Truman, J. L., et al. (2019). "Measuring Sexual Orientation and Gender Identity in the National Crime Victimization Survey." Journal of Official Statistics 35(4): 835-858.
	The National Crime Victimization Survey (NCVS) collects information on nonfatal personal and property crimes both reported and not reported to police. As part of the ongoing redesign efforts for the NCVS, the Bureau of Justice Statistics (BJS) added sexual orientation and gender identity (SOGI) questions to the survey’s demographic section in July 2016. The inclusion of these measures will provide important national-level estimates of victimization among lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender (LGBT) people and allow researchers to understand victimization risk and access to victim services. This article includes a discussion of the sexual orientation and gender identity measures that were added to the NCVS, and findings from the monitoring activities conducted during the first six months of data collection. In addition, population counts by sexual orientation and gender identity are estimated using July through December 2016 NCVS data.

Trygged, S., et al. (2014). "Living in danger: previous violence, socioeconomic position, and mortality risk among women over a 10-year period." Social Work in Public Health 29(2): 114-120.
	Violence against women has many negative consequences. In this short report the authors investigate patterns of mortality among women experiencing violence leading to inpatient care from 1992 to 2006. Do women who are victims of severe violence have an increased mortality risk (a) in general? (b) by violence? (c) by suicide? Does socioeconomic position have any bearing on the mortality risk? The study was based on Swedish national registers, where 6,085 women exposed to violence resulting in inpatient care were compared with a nonexposed population sample of 55,016 women. Women of all social strata previously exposed to severe violence and treated in hospital had a highly increased risk of premature death from all-cause mortality, violence, or suicide. Women previously exposed to severe violence continue to live a life in danger. There is need for a societal response to support and protect these women against further violence after discharge from hospital.

Tsai, A. C., et al. (2011). "Prevalence and correlates of forced sex perpetration and victimization in Botswana and Swaziland." American journal of public health 101(6): 1068-1074.
	Objectives. We sought to identify correlates of forced sex perpetration among men and victimization among women in Botswana and Swaziland. Methods. We surveyed a 2-stage probability sample of 2074 adults from the 5 districts of Botswana with the highest HIV prevalence rates and all 4 regions of Swaziland. We used multivariable logistic regression to identify correlates of forced sex victimization and perpetration. Results. Lifetime prevalence rates of forced sex victimization of women were 10.3% in Botswana and 11.4% in Swaziland; among men, rates of perpetration were 3.9% in Botswana and 5.0% in Swaziland. Lifetime history of forced sex victimization was the strongest predictor of forced sex perpetration by men in Botswana (adjusted odds ratio [OR]=13.70; 95% confidence interval [CI]=4.55, 41.50) and Swaziland (adjusted OR=5.98; 95% CI=1.08, 33.10). Problem or heavy drinking was the strongest predictor of forced sex victimization among women in Botswana (adjusted OR=2.55; 95% CI=1.19, 5.49) and Swaziland (OR=14.70; 95% CI=4.53, 47.60). Conclusions. Sexual violence in Botswana and Swaziland is a major public health and human rights problem. Ending codified gender discrimination can contribute to fundamentally changing gender norms and may be an important lever for gender-based violence prevention in these countries.

Tseloni, A., et al. (2017). "Domestic burglary drop and the security hypothesis." Crime Science 6(1): 1-16.
	This study examines the role of household security devices in producing the domestic burglary falls in England and Wales. It extends the study of the security hypothesis as an explanation for the 'crime drop'. Crime Survey for England and Wales data are analysed from 1992 to 2011/12 via a series of data signatures indicating the nature of, and change in, the relationship between security devices and burglary. The causal role of improved security is strongly indicated by a set of interlocking data signatures: rapid increases in the prevalence of security, particularly in the availability of combinations of the most effective devices (door and window locks plus security lighting); a steep decline in the proportion of households without security accompanied by disproportionate rises in their burglary risk; and the decline being solely in forced rather than unforced entries to households. The study concludes that there is strong evidence that security caused the decline in burglary in England and Wales in the 1990s. Testing the security hypothesis across a wider range of crime types, countries and forms of security than examined to date, is required both to understand the crime drop and to derive lessons for future crime prevention practice and policy. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Crime Science is the property of Springer Nature and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Tseloni, A., et al. (2017). "The effectiveness of burglary security devices." Security Journal 30(2): 646-664.
	This study measures the effectiveness of anti-burglary security devices, both individually and in combination. Data for 2008-2012 from the Crime Survey of England and Wales are analysed via the Security Impact Assessment Tool to estimate Security Protection Factors (SPFs). SPFs indicate the level of security conferred relative to the absence of security devices. It finds that, for individual devices, external lights and door double locks or deadlocks, are most effective but, counter-intuitively, burglar alarms and dummy alarms confer less protection than no security. Combinations of devices generate positive interaction effects that increase protection more than additively. In particular, combinations with door and window locks plus external lights or security chains confer at least 20 times greater protection against burglary with entry than no security. Although further research is needed, the findings are consistent with improved security playing an important role in long-term declines in burglary rates. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Security Journal is the property of Palgrave Macmillan Ltd. and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Tshabalala, M., et al. (2011). "Surveillance of transmitted antiretroviral drug resistance among HIV-1 infected women attending antenatal clinics in Chitungwiza, Zimbabwe." PLoS ONE: e21241-e21241.
	The rapid scale-up of highly active antiretroviral therapy (HAART) and use of single dose Nevirapine (SD NVP) for prevention of mother-to-child transmission (pMTCT) have raised fears about the emergence of resistance to the first line antiretroviral drug regimens. A cross-sectional study was conducted to determine the prevalence of primary drug resistance (PDR) in a cohort of young (&lt;25 yrs) HAART-naïve HIV pregnant women attending antenatal clinics in Chitungwiza, Zimbabwe. Whole blood was collected in EDTA for CD4 counts, viral load, serological estimation of duration of infection using the BED Calypte assay and genotyping for drug resistance. Four hundred and seventy-one women, mean age 21 years; SD: 2.1 were enrolled into the study between 2006 and 2007. Their median CD4 count was 371 cells/µL; IQR: 255-511 cells/µL. Two hundred and thirty-six samples were genotyped for drug resistance. Based on the BED assay, 27% were recently infected (RI) whilst 73% had long-term infection (LTI). Median CD4 count was higher (p&lt;0.05) in RI than in women with LTI. Only 2 women had drug resistance mutations; protease I85V and reverse transcriptase Y181C. Prevalence of PDR in Chitungwiza, 4 years after commencement of the national ART program remained below WHO threshold limit (5%). Frequency of recent infection BED testing is consistent with high HIV acquisition during pregnancy. With the scale-up of long-term ART programs, maintenance of proper prescribing practices, continuous monitoring of patients and reinforcement of adherence may prevent the acquisition and transmission of PDR.

Tsiko, R. (2016). "A Spatial Latent Gaussian Model for Intimate Partner Violence Against Men in Africa." Journal of Family Violence 31(4): 443-459.
	This study used data from the Demographic and Health Surveys to examine the prevalence and correlates of Intimate Partner Violence (IPV) against men in Africa. Nationally representative data from 12 countries was analysed using a Spatial Latent Gaussian Model to capture the linear and non-linear nature of covariates while accounting for spatial heterogeneity. The results showed that female perpetrated abuse was significantly associated with education, alcohol consumption, intergenerational cycle of violence, polygamy, wealth, and type of union. As far as age of perpetrator (female) or victim (male) and spousal age difference were concerned, they had a non-linear effect on IPV. Furthermore, the spatial effects highlighted lack of spatial autocorrelation between the prevalence of IPV as one moves from country to country. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Journal of Family Violence is the property of Springer Nature and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Tsiko, R. G. (2016). "A Spatial Latent Gaussian Model for Intimate Partner Violence Against Men in Africa." Journal of Family Violence 31(4): 443-459.
	This study used data from the Demographic and Health Surveys to examine the prevalence and correlates of Intimate Partner Violence (IPV) against men in Africa. Nationally representative data from 12 countries was analysed using a Spatial Latent Gaussian Model to capture the linear and non-linear nature of covariates while accounting for spatial heterogeneity. The results showed that female perpetrated abuse was significantly associated with education, alcohol consumption, intergenerational cycle of violence, polygamy, wealth, and type of union. As far as age of perpetrator (female) or victim (male) and spousal age difference were concerned, they had a non-linear effect on IPV. Furthermore, the spatial effects highlighted lack of spatial autocorrelation between the prevalence of IPV as one moves from country to country.

Tsui, V., et al. (2010). "Help-seeking among male victims of partner abuse: men's hard times." Journal of Community Psychology 38(6): 769-780.
	Sixty-eight agency representatives in the United States completed a survey to identify issues of male victims in partner abuse: half referenced responses from male clients and the other half responses from male victims who were their family members, friends, colleagues, or themselves. Almost 25% revealed that male victims did not utilize social services. For those men who used services, individual counseling and legal advice were most popular; group counseling and sharing through the Internet were least used. Qualitative data found five themes that triggered men's hard times: service target perception, shame and embarrassment, denial, stigmatization, and fear. The study resulted in three recommendations: (a) increase public awareness and education; (b) provide gender-inclusive practice and services, and (c) strengthen training for service providers working with domestic violence male victims.

Tucker, J. S., et al. (2016). "Longitudinal associations of homophobic name-calling victimization with psychological distress and alcohol use during adolescence." Journal of Adolescent Health 59(1): 110-115.
	Purpose: Homophobic victimization, and specifically name-calling, has been associated with greater psychological distress and alcohol use in adolescents. This longitudinal study examines whether sexual orientation moderates these associations and also differentiates between the effects of name-calling from friends and nonfriends. Methods: Results are based on 1,325 students from three Midwestern high schools who completed in-school surveys in 2012 and 2013. Linear regression analysis was used to examine the associations among homophobic name-calling victimization and changes in anxiety symptoms, depressive symptoms, and alcohol use one year later, controlling for other forms of victimization and demographics. Results: Homophobic name-calling victimization by friends was not associated with changes in psychological distress or alcohol use among either students who self-identified as heterosexual or those who self-identified as lesbian, gay, or bisexual (LGB). In contrast, homophobic name-calling by nonfriends was associated with increased psychological distress over a one-year period among LGB students and increased drinking among heterosexual students. Conclusions: Homophobic name-calling victimization, specifically from nonfriends, can adversely affect adolescent well-being over time and, thus, is important to address in school-based bullying prevention programs. School staff and parents should be aware that both LGB and heterosexual adolescents are targets of homophobic name-calling but may tend to react to this type of victimization in different ways. Further research is needed to understand the mechanisms through which homophobic victimization increases the risk of psychological distress and alcohol use over time.

Tun, W., et al. (2015). "HIV and STI Prevalence and Injection Behaviors Among People Who Inject Drugs in Nairobi: Results from a 2011 Bio-behavioral Study Using Respondent-Driven Sampling." AIDS and Behavior 19: 24-35.
	There is a dearth of evidence on injection drug use and associated HIV infections in Kenya. To generate population-based estimates of characteristics and HIV/STI prevalence among people who inject drugs (PWID) in Nairobi, a cross-sectional study was conducted with 269 PWID using respondent-driven sampling. PWID were predominantly male (92.5 %). An estimated 67.3 % engaged in at least one risky injection practice in a typical month. HIV prevalence was 18.7 % (95 % CI 12.3-26.7), while STI prevalence was lower [syphilis: 1.7 % (95 % CI 0.2-6.0); gonorrhea: 1.5 % (95 % CI 0.1-4.9); and Chlamydia: 4.2 % (95 % CI 1.2-7.8)]. HIV infection was associated with being female (aOR, 3.5; p = 0.048), having first injected drugs 5 or more years ago (aOR, 4.3; p = 0.002), and ever having practiced receptive syringe sharing (aOR, 6.2; p = 0.001). Comprehensive harm reduction programs tailored toward PWID and their sex partners must be fully implemented as part of Kenya's national HIV prevention strategy.

Tung, E. L., et al. (2019). "Social isolation, loneliness, and violence exposure in urban adults." Health Affairs 38(10): 1670-1678.
	Social isolation is a key predictor of mortality in the US and may be heightened in communities affected by violence. Qualitative studies have documented that people living in high-crime neighborhoods often report being confined to their homes because of safety concerns. However, few quantitative studies have empirically assessed relationships between violence exposure and social isolation. In 2018 we conducted hour-long, in-person surveys with 504 adults in Chicago, Illinois. Prior exposure to community violence was associated with a 3.3-point reduction (on a 100-point scale) in the frequency of interaction with network confidantes, a 7.3-point reduction in perceived social support from friends, and a 7.8-point increase in loneliness. At a time when public health and policy leaders are calling for solutions to the "epidemic of loneliness," identifying populations at higher risk because of violence could help target interventions and ensure equitable access to social and medical support.

Turan, J. M., et al. (2016). "Intimate partner violence and forced migration during pregnancy: structural constraints to women's agency." Global Public Health 11(1/2): 153-168.
	Little is known about migration during pregnancy related to intimate partner violence (IPV). In this paper, we examine issues of agency in relation to pregnant women's migrations in a high HIV prevalence area of Kenya. We qualitatively explored forced migration among pregnant women, using data from in-depth interviews, focus groups and IPV screening forms. To quantitatively examine migration during pregnancy, we analysed data from a prospective study of 614 pregnant women. The qualitative data revealed that women had varied responses to violence in pregnancy, with some being able to leave the marital home voluntarily as a strategy to escape violence. Others were 'sent packing' from their marital homes when they dared to exercise autonomy, in some cases related to HIV status. Quantitative analyses revealed that pregnant women who migrated were more educated, less likely to be living with a partner and had fewer children than other women. Migration among pregnant women in Kenya illustrates the complexity of understanding women's agency in the context of IPV. The findings indicate that there is not a dichotomy between 'victim' and 'agent', but rather a complex dynamic between and within pregnant women, who may sequentially or simultaneously experience aspects of victimhood and/or agentic response.

Turcotte-Tremblay, A. M., et al. (2017). "The unintended consequences of community verifications for performance-based financing in Burkina Faso." Social Science & Medicine 191: 226-236.
	Performance-based financing (PBF) is being widely implemented to improve healthcare services in Africa. An essential component of PBF involves conducting community verifications, wherein investigators from local associations attempt to trace samples of patients. Community surveys are administered to patients to verify whether healthcare workers reported fictitious services to increase their revenue. At the same time, client satisfaction surveys are administered to assess whether patients are satisfied with the services received. Although some global health actors are concerned that PBF can trigger unintended consequences, this topic remains neglected. The objective of this study was to document the unintended consequences of community verification. Guided by the diffusion of innovations theory, we conducted a multiple case study. The cases were the catchment areas of seven healthcare facilities in Burkina Faso. Data were collected between January 2016 and May 2016 using non-participant observation, 92 semi-structured interviews, and informal discussions. Participants included a wide range of stakeholders, such as community verifiers, investigators, patients, and healthcare providers. Data were coded using QDA Miner, and thematic analysis was conducted. Healthcare workers did not significantly disturb or try to influence community verifiers during patient selection for community verifications. Unintended consequences included stakeholders' dissatisfaction regarding compensation modalities, work overload for community verifiers, and falsification of verification data by investigators. Community verifications led to loss of patient confidentiality as well as fears and apprehensions, although some patients were pleased to share their views regarding healthcare services. Community verifications also triggered marital issues, resulting in conflicts with, or interference from, husbands. The numerous challenges associated with locating patients in their communities led stakeholders to question the validity and utility of the results. These unintended consequences could jeopardize the overall effectiveness of community verifications. Attention should be paid to these unintended consequences to inform effective implementation and refine future interventions.

Turtle, L., et al. (2015). "A survey of UK healthcare workers' attitudes on volunteering to help with the Ebola outbreak in West Africa." PLoS ONE 10(3): e0120013-e0120013.
	Objective: To understand the barriers and enablers for UK healthcare workers who are considering going to work in the current Ebola outbreak in West Africa, but have not yet volunteered. Design: After focus group discussions, and a pilot questionnaire, an anonymous survey was conducted using SurveyMonkey to determine whether people had considered going to West Africa, what factors might make them more or less likely to volunteer, and whether any of these were modifiable factors. Participants: The survey was publicised among doctors, nurses, laboratory staff and allied health professionals. 3109 people answered the survey, of whom 472 (15%) were considering going to work in the epidemic but had not yet volunteered. 1791 (57.6%) had not considered going, 704 (22.6%) had considered going but decided not to, 53 (1.7%) had volunteered to go and 14 (0.45%) had already been and worked in the epidemic. Results: For those considering going to West Africa, the most important factor preventing them from volunteering was a lack of information to help them decide; fear of getting Ebola and partners' concerns came next. Uncertainty about their potential role, current work commitments and inability to get agreement from their employer were also important barriers, whereas clarity over training would be an important enabler. In contrast, for those who were not considering going, or who had decided against going, family considerations and partner concerns were the most important factors. Conclusions: More UK healthcare workers would volunteer to help tackle Ebola in West Africa if there was better information available, including clarity about roles, cover arrangements, and training. This could be achieved with a well-publicised high quality portal of reliable information.

Turvey, C. G., et al. (2010). "Risk, fear, bird flu and terrorists: a study of risk perceptions and economics." Journal of Socio-Economics 39(1): 1-10.
	This paper examines the relationship between risk perceptions, affect and the economic consequences of a bio-security threat against the U.S. food system. The main argument is that there exists a link between risk perceptions and economic behavior. The paper raises conjectures through a utility-theoretic economic model and examines these through two separate surveys, the first being a hypothetical agroterrorist attack and the second a hypothetical discovery of 'bird flu' in the United States. The results provide strong evidence that risk perception and fear can interact with consumption in an economically significant way.

Tuttle, A. D., et al. (2018). "Experimenting with Contact Strategies in Business Surveys." Journal of Official Statistics 34(2): 365-395.
	The U.S. Census Bureau conducted a series of experiments to evaluate alternative contact strategies. We hoped to identify effective mail strategies that increase timeliness of response and reduce the number of cases receiving more-costly follow-ups. These experiments were incorporated into the collection of several annual business surveys and one quarterly survey. This article summarizes results from five experiments whose designs are based on business survey decision-making and response processes. We obtained clear, positive results from tests involving manipulation of mail sequences, but only modest results from tests in which we varied messages and envelope appearance, whose effects were seen only in specific industry subgroups.

Twigg, L. and G. Moon (2013). "The spatial and temporal development of binge drinking in England 2001-2009: An observational study." Social Science & Medicine 91: 162-167.
	Binge drinking has been linked to escalating costs of hospitalisation and to premature mortality, and implicated in a range of acute and chronic health problems as well as crime, violence and other negative aspects of the wider well-being agenda. Variously defined, it can be characterised as brief periods of heavy drinking (across one day or evening) within a longer time-frame of lower consumption or even abstinence (across a week or several weeks). In England the current binge drinking epidemic has become particularly salient in the past decade and has been seen largely in terms of excessive consumption by younger people, particularly women in urban centres. It has also been linked to the liberalisation of licencing laws and the promotion of 24 h club cultures. This paper presents an observational study of the regional development of binge drinking between 2001 and 2009 as evidenced in the Health Survey for England. We innovate by using two different definitions of binge drinking within a multivariate multilevel modelling framework, with a focus on the random effects attributable to the year of study and region. We control for age, sex, ethnicity, marital status and individual socio-economic status, and confounding by neighbourhood deprivation and urbanisation. The paper identifies pronounced regional geographies that persist in the face of controls and vary little over time, and strong spatio-temporal gender differences which reflect the definition of binge drinking. [Copyright Elsevier Ltd.]

Uchendu, O. J. and B. Nwogoh (2016). "Childhood sexual assaults presenting at the central hospital, Benin City, Edo State." Annals of Biomedical Sciences 15(2): 202-216.
	Background: Childhood sexual abuse (CSA) is a common and serious societal ill that has not been given adequate attention in our society. It is highly underreported yet has serious adverse physical, psychological and medical effect on its victims. Objective: The study seeks to evaluate the frequency of CSA in our environment and to determine the sociodemographic parameters of the victims and perpetrators. Materials and Methods: This is a prospective study conducted at Central hospital, Benin City. Cases of CSA were documented over a seven month period using semi structured questionnaire. The results was analyzed using SPSS version 16 and presented with tables. Results: A total of 80 cases of CSA was reported during the study period with an average of 11.4 cases per month. The mean age of the victims was 10.8 yrs. Females were affected in 97.5% of cases. Thirty one of the victims are secondary school pupils and 16 (20%) of them are preschool children. The age group of the perpetrators commonly involved is 21-25 yrs. The use of force was documented in 78.8% of cases while in 21.2%, manipulation was employed by the perpetrators. Most commonly, neighbours were the culprit accounting for 57.3%. Most abuses were committed during the day (65%) and vaginal penetration is the most common form of assault. Only 33.8% of cases reported within 24 hrs of abuse. Conclusion: CSA is common in Benin City and only a few present early to the hospital for evaluation.

Ulker, K. and Y. Kivrak (2016). "The effect of information about gynecological examination on the anxiety level of women applying to gynecology clinics: a prospective, randomized, controlled study." Iranian Red Crescent Medical Journal 18(6): e23864-e23864.
	Background: Crowded hospital outpatient clinics and endless waiting lines that make patients feel overlooked tend to exaggerate patients' anxiety levels. In addition, fear of pain, shyness, religious and traditional thoughts, women's sexual role in society, and previous information and experience also contribute to people's anxiety levels with regard to gynecologic examination. Objectives: We aimed to analyze the effect of specific information about gynecologic examination on anxiety levels of women applying to gynecology clinics. Materials and Methods: In this randomized prospective study, the women applying for a gynecological examination were randomly allocated into control, intervention 1, and intervention 2 groups. Power analysis indicated that in order to achieve a one-point decrease from the previous anxiety score of 43.85±5.41 at one side alpha 0.05 with a power of 80%, at least 79 women were needed in each group. Four medical school students interviewed 75 women (25 in control, 25 in intervention 1, and 25 in intervention 2). The data were collected using the demographic, social, and economic data form, and the Turkish version of the state-trait anxiety inventory (STAI). The women in the intervention 1 and 2 groups were instructed to read a paper that contained brief information about the gynecological examination procedure and the profits obtained from forests, respectively. All participants, including the women in the control group, filled the STAI by themselves. The three groups were compared appropriately. Results: The demographics pertaining to age, gravidity and parity, miscarriage, induced abortion, ectopic pregnancy, offspring number, place of residence, working status, education level and previous experience of gynecological examination did not differ among the groups (P&gt;0.05). According to the STAI scores, all groups had mild state (control: 40.20±10.53, intervention 1: 42.00±11.98, and intervention 2: 39.53±10.32) and severe continuous (control: 46.78±8.65, Intervention 1: 47.25±9.57, and intervention 2: 46.60±9.72) anxiety levels. However, both state and continuous anxiety scores were not significantly different in all groups (P&gt;0.05). Conclusions: Providing brief written information about the gynecological examination procedure and the clinic's working discipline is not sufficient to lower the anxiety of women applying for a gynecological examination.

Ulysséa, M. A., et al. (2010). "The perception and use of insects by the residents of Ribeirão da Ilha, Florianópolis, SC, Brazil. / Percepção e uso dos insetos pelos moradores da comunidade do Ribeirão da Ilha, Santa Catarina, Brasil." Biotemas 23(3): 191-202.
	This work presents the perception of the residents of Ribeirão da Ilha, Florianópolis, Santa Catarina Island, about the insects and the distinct uses made of them. The study was carried out between August and October of 2007 through semi-structured interviews with 50 residents of the community. The ethnocategory 'Insect' is composed by 16 animals such as bees, cockroaches, beetles, spiders, snakes and others. This category is mostly seen negatively by the local population, or causes a sensation of fear and disgust. The knowledge about the use of insects is wide and it is related with ludic, decorative, alimentary and medicinal usages, as well as with forecasting the weather and earning money. However, nowadays only three uses are practiced by the community: consumption of honey in food, employment of bee stings to cure rheumatism, and butterflies for decoration.

Ung, A., et al. (2019). "Main results of the NOYADES survey carried out during summer 2018 in France. / Principaux résultats de l'enquête NOYADES menée au cours de l'été 2018 en France." Bulletin Épidémiologique Hebdomadaire(16): 286-294.
	Each year in France, unintentional drownings are responsible for about 1,000 deaths and are the first cause of mortality by home and leisure injuries among persons less than 25 years old. However, for most of them, they are avoidable. The NOYADES surveys are conducted since 2002 and their objectives are to record all the drownings (accidental or not, followed by death or not) and to describe their characteristics (victims, circumstances) for prevention purposes. The NOYADES survey is based on a questionnaire completed by emergency services such as firemen from 1 June to 30 September in metropolitan France and French overseas territories. A drowning is taken into account if there is an intervention from emergency services followed by a hospital care or a death. In 2018, the NOYADES survey recorded 1,649 unintentional drownings (84% of total drownings) with 25% of deadly drownings. Unintentional drownings have increased by 30% compared to the 2015 NOYADES survey (1,266). This increase can mainly be observed among children less than 13 years old (338 in 2015 vs 600 in 2018). Deadly unintentional drownings were stable between the two surveys. In 2018, children less than 6 years old represented 28% of total unintentional drownings and 9% of deadly ones vs respectively 22% and 35% among the elderly (65 years old and more); 44% of unintentional drownings occurred in the sea, 31% in all types of swimming pools, 22% in rivers and lakes and 4% in other places (bathtub, pond, etc.) with a distribution of deadly drownings of respectively 40%, 17%, 40% and 3%. Unintentional drownings can happen in all places and concern all ages. The heat wave context during 2018 summer is one of the factors that could explain the evolution between the 2015 and 2018 NOYADES surveys. The results of the NOYADES surveys which do not have any equivalent in other countries in terms of content and longevity, underline the need to continue efforts in drowning prevention in all ages and specifically among children.

Urada, L. A., et al. (2014). "Sex work and its associations with alcohol and methamphetamine use among female bar and spa workers in the Philippines." Asia-Pacific Journal of Public Health 26(2): 138-146.
	To assess the prevalence of sex work and its associations with substance use among female bar/spa workers in the Philippines (N=498), workers from 54 bar or spa venues in Metro Manila (2009-2010) were surveyed on demographics, drug/alcohol use, abuse history, and sex work. Their median age was 23 years and 35% engaged in sex work. Sex work was independently associated with methamphetamine use (19% vs 4%; adjusted odds ratio [AOR] =2.9, 95% confidence interval [CI]=1.3-6.2), alcohol use with patrons (49% vs. 27%; AOR=1.9, 95% CI=1.1-3.4), and alcohol intoxication during sex (50% vs. 24%; AOR=2.0, 95% CI=1.2-3.5), but inversely associated with daily alcohol use (13% vs. 16%; AOR=0.2, 95% CI=0.1-0.5). Additional significant covariates included sexual abuse history, younger age, and not having a higher education. Findings suggest that interventions with sex workers in bars and spas should focus on methamphetamine use, alcohol use contexts, and violence victimization, to better meet the needs of this population.

Uscher-Pines, L., et al. (2009). "Disaster-related injuries in the period of recovery: the effect of prolonged displacement on risk of injury in older adults." Journal of Trauma-Injury, Infection and Critical Care 67(4): 834-840.
	Background: Hurricane Katrina, which struck the Gulf Coast of the United States in August 2005, initially displaced over a million people from their primary place of residence. Displaced older adults subsequently faced challenges, such as new or inferior living conditions, which could increase vulnerability to serious or life-threatening injuries such as hip fracture. The aim of this study was to determine whether Katrina victims who were displaced for a prolonged period of time were more likely to experience injuries than nondisplaced victims. Methods: We tracked injury outcomes including fractures, sprains or strains, and lacerations in a cohort of 25,019 older adults (age ≥65 years) enrolled in a Medicare-Advantage Plan, for 1 year after Katrina. We used medical claims to obtain injury outcomes and analyzed propensity-score adjusted predictors of injury, including displacement status at 12 months. Results: In our sample, 7,030 (28%) older adults were displaced at 12-month post-Katrina. Displaced victims had 1.53 (95% CI: 1.10-2.13) greater odds of sustaining a hip fracture in the year after the storm and 1.24 (95% CI: 1.07-1.44) greater odds of sustaining other fractures after adjusting for other risk factors. There was no significant association between displacement status at 12 months and sprains or strains or lacerations. Conclusions: Prolonged displacement is associated with increased risk of fracture in older adults. Emergency planners should screen temporary housing for injury hazards, and clinicians should regard displaced older adults as a vulnerable population in need of interventions such as risk communication messaging.

Uwizeye, D., et al. (2014). "Prevalence and correlates for diarrhoea in the mountainous informal settlements of Huye town, Rwanda." SpringerPlus 3(745): (16 December 2014)-(2016 December 2014).
	Dwellers of urban informal settlements in developing countries are consistently reported to be victims of high diarrhoea prevalence. Studies have frequently reported the association between high diarrhoea prevalence and other factors, such as poor living conditions, inadequate hygiene, and sanitation in these settings. However, little is known about the dynamics of diarrhoea prevalence in mountainous urban informal settlements similar to the Rwandan context. This study was conducted in the Matyazo cell of Huye town to review the prevalence and correlates of diarrhoea. A survey of 214 households and transect walks in the neighbourhoods were conducted during the rainy and dry seasons. Logistic regression was used to analyse the survey data while the thematic analysis technique was used to analyse qualitative data. Results indicated a substantial reduction of diarrhoea prevalence from the rainy to the dry season. It was also found that the prevalence was unequally distributed in the neighbourhoods according to household location. After controlling for other household characteristics and sanitation conditions of around homes, the study indicated that households established at 1800 metres or more above sea level were protected against diarrhoea during both rainy seasons (Adjusted Odds Ratio_ AOR: .42, 95% Confidence Interval_ CI: .13-.81) and dry seasons (AOR: .58, CI: .12-.90) while households found further from the road were likely to suffer from diarrhoea during rainy seasons (AOR: 3.32, CI: 1.47-7.48) as well as in dry seasons (AOR: 1.60, CI: 1.26-4.10). Poor sanitation within and around homes was also found to be associated with the increase of diarrhoea in either season. However, the evidence was not sufficient enough to confirm a significant association between diarrhoea prevalence and other household characteristics. We believe this is due to the strength of environmental factors in mountainous settings.

Valente, R., et al. (2019). "Participatory design of a thematic questionnaire in the field of victimization studies." European Journal of Criminology 16(2): 170-187.
	The paper introduces the results of a two-step process that led to the design of a new questionnaire in the field of victimization studies. A desk-based review of national Crime and Victimization Surveys from five EU countries was performed and resulted in identifying opportunities to improve the consistency among these surveys as well as the need to include more independent variables in order to measure fear of crime and its correlation with sociological variables. Then 12 experts in survey-based measures of crime-related issues were involved in a Delphi panel with the objective of enhancing a participatory design of a new questionnaire addressing individual and space-based determinants of the perception of insecurity, which has been poorly explored to date. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of European Journal of Criminology is the property of Sage Publications, Ltd. and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Valente, R., et al. (2019). "Participatory design of a thematic questionnaire in the field of victimization studies." European Journal of Criminology 16(2): 170-187.
	The paper introduces the results of a two-step process that led to the design of a new questionnaire in the field of victimization studies. A desk-based review of national Crime and Victimization Surveys from five EU countries was performed and resulted in identifying opportunities to improve the consistency among these surveys as well as the need to include more independent variables in order to measure fear of crime and its correlation with sociological variables. Then 12 experts in survey-based measures of crime-related issues were involved in a Delphi panel with the objective of enhancing a participatory design of a new questionnaire addressing individual and space-based determinants of the perception of insecurity, which has been poorly explored to date.

van den Brakel, J. A., et al. (2016). "Small Area Estimation to Quantify Discontinuities in Repeated Sample Surveys." Journal of the Royal Statistical Society: Series A (Statistics in Society) 179(1): 229-250.
	During redesigns of repeated surveys, the old and new approaches are often conducted in parallel to quantify discontinuities that are initiated by modifications in the survey process. For budget limitations, the sample size allocated to the alternative approach is often considerably smaller compared with the regular survey that is used for official publication. In this paper, small area estimation techniques are considered to improve the accuracy of domain estimates obtained under the alternative approach. Besides auxiliary information that is available from administrations, direct domain estimates available from the regular survey are useful auxiliary variables to construct model-based small area estimators. These methods are applied to a redesign of the Dutch Crime Victimization Survey.

van der Aa, S. and M. Kunst (2009). "The Prevalence of Stalking in The Netherlands." International Review of Victimology 16(1): 35-50.
	Over eight years after the enactment of the Dutch anti-stalking provisions there are still no figures detailing the prevalence of stalking in The Netherlands. This article aims to estimate the lifetime and annual prevalence of this form of victimisation within the Dutch population. Questionnaires were distributed in July 2007 to visitors to the annual Tilburg fun fair. Of the 1,027 respondents 16.5 percent reported a lifetime rate of stalking victimisation and 3.9 percent had experienced stalking within the past twelve months. With more than one in five women (20.7%) and almost one in seven men (13.4%), women were significantly more likely to report having been subjected to stalking at some time during their lives. This would concern approximately 1.4 million women and 0.9 million men nationally. In line with previous research, age was significantly related to life-time stalking, with younger people having greater odds of reporting victimisation. Adapted from the source document.

Van Dijk, J. (2015). "The case for survey-based comparative measures of crime." European Journal of Criminology 12(4): 437-456.
	The author argues that statistics of police-recorded crimes have limited utility for cross-country analyses of crime, owing to varying legal definitions, reporting patterns and recording practices. In his view, stand-alone national victimization surveys, with their varying methodologies and questionnaires, cannot reliably be used for cross-national comparisons either. This is especially true for older versions of such surveys, modelled after the National Crime Victimization Survey (NCVS) of the USA, which try to mimic their country's official statistics of police-recorded crimes. Victimization surveys in the European tradition use less legalistic definitions of the public's experiences of crime and are therefore more conducive to international standardization. When such surveys are standardized to cover the common ground of crime in multiple jurisdictions, as is the case in the International Crime Victims Survey, they can provide comparable data on the level and trends of crime of individual nations at relatively modest costs. In addition, such surveys can provide comparative data on crime reporting by victims, on satisfaction with responses from police and other agencies, as well as on public attitudes towards safety and criminal justice. In the discussion, the author argues for an expedient execution of the planned Safety Survey in the European Union and further work on the standardization of victimization surveys across the world by the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of European Journal of Criminology is the property of Sage Publications, Ltd. and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

van Kesteren, J., et al. (2014). "The International Crime Victims Surveys: A retrospective." International Review of Victimology 20(1): 49-69.
	The International Crime Victims Survey (ICVS) has been carried out six times over the period 1989-2010. This paper focuses not on the methodology of the survey but on four important areas of analysis that capitalize on the comparative nature of the ICVS, and its ability to look at victimization experience at the level of both individuals and countries. Firstly, it looks at the level of crime in different countries according to the ICVS, compared to the picture from police figures. The second focus of the paper concerns what ICVS measures of trends in crime show relative to trends in police figures. The third focus is on victims reporting crime to the police and their level of satisfaction with the police response, as well as the provision of and need for specialized victim assistance, underlining the importance of the ICVS as an instrument to monitor the implementation of international standards on victims' rights, and to benchmark national victim policies. The paper ends with some comment on the prospects for the ICVS in the future. Adapted from the source document.

Vannieuwenhuyze, J. T. A., et al. (2014). "Evaluating Mode Effects in Mixed-Mode Survey Data Using Covariate Adjustment Models." Journal of Official Statistics 30(1): 1-21.
	The confounding of selection and measurement effects between different modes is a disadvantage of mixed-mode surveys. Solutions to this problem have been suggested in several studies. Most use adjusting covariates to control selection effects. Unfortunately, these covariates must meet strong assumptions, which are generally ignored. This article discusses these assumptions in greater detail and also provides an alternative model for solving the problem. This alternative uses adjusting covariates, explaining measurement effects instead of selection effects. The application of both models is illustrated by using data from a survey on opinions about surveys, which yields mode effects in line with expectations for the latter model, and mode effects contrary to expectations for the former model. However, the validity of these results depends entirely on the (ad hoc) covariates chosen. Research into better covariates might thus be a topic for future studies.

Varela Lérida, S., et al. (2019). "Percepción femenina del acoso callejero." Female perceptions of street harassment.(14): 1-19.
	Street harassment is sanctioned in many Western countries. However, there are few studies examining street harassment in Spain. After surveying 1659 women of different ages about street harassment, we observed that 1% of the women did not feel harassed at any time, while 32% indicated that they had suffered it on specific occasions, 31% indicated monthly experiences of harassment, 25% weekly experiences and 12% suffer it on a daily basis. Significant relationships are found between the reaction of the victim and the reaction of the harasser, and the type of harassment and the situation in which the harassment occurs. After the analysis, we conclude that qualitative methods are needed to deepen the explanatory mechanisms of street harassment, since this study is exploratory. (English) [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Pese a que hay países de nuestro entorno que han decidido sancionar el acoso callejero, en España son aún pocos los estudios al respecto. Tras encuestar a 1659 mujeres de diferentes edades sobre el acoso callejero, observamos que un 1% de las mujeres encuestadas no se han sentido acosadas en ningún momento, el 32% indicaban que lo habían sufrido en ocasiones puntuales, el 31% lo señalan como algo mensual, 25% de forma semanal y un 12% lo sufre a diario. Se encuentras relaciones significativas entre la reacción de la víctima y la reacción del acosador, y el tipo de acoso y la situación en la que se da dicho acoso. Tras el análisis concluimos que es necesario profundizar más mediante métodos cualitativos, ya que este estudio es meramente exploratorio. (Spanish) [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of International e-Journal of Criminal Sciences is the property of International e-Journal of Criminal Science and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Varjas, K., et al. (2009). "Urban Middle School Students' Perceptions of Bullying, Cyberbullying, and School Safety." Journal of School Violence 8(2): 159-176.
	This study examined 427 urban middle school students' perceptions of bullying, cyberbullying, and school safety utilizing the Student Survey of Bullying Behavior-Revised 2 (Varjas, Meyers, & Hunt, 2006). A unique finding is that cyberbullying may represent a unique modality of victimization and bullying compared with other school-based modalities. Cyberbullying and relational bullying were not associated with perceived school safety. Males reported more physical victimization, verbal victimization, and verbal bullying, and less relational victimization. Males and older students reported feeling safer at school. Older students reported less physical, verbal, and relational victimization, and less physical and verbal bullying. Importantly, physical, verbal, and relational bullying and victimization may represent more general underlying constructs of bullying and victimization, calling into question the distinctiveness of individual forms. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Journal of School Violence is the property of Taylor & Francis Ltd and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Vauclair, C.-M. and B. Bratanova (2017). "Income inequality and fear of crime across the European region." European Journal of Criminology 14(2): 221-241.
	This paper aims to take a holistic approach to studying fear of crime by testing predictors at multiple levels of analyses. Data from the European Social Survey (N = 56,752 from 29 countries) were used to test and extend the Income Inequality and Sense of Vulnerability Hypotheses. The findings confirm that (1) individuals in societies with greater income inequalities are more fearful of crime, and (2) older or disabled people as well as women report greater fear of crime. Contrary to the hypotheses, ethnic majority and not ethnic minority members report greater fear of crime, if they reside in high income inequality countries. It is further demonstrated that fear of crime explains the inverse association between income inequality and subjective well-being in this particular subsample. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of European Journal of Criminology is the property of Sage Publications, Ltd. and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Vedeler, J. S., et al. (2019). "Hate speech harms: a social justice discussion of disabled Norwegians' experiences." Disability & Society 34(3): 368-383.
	This article presents findings from a survey on hate speech reported by disabled people in Norway. Previous British and American research shows that disabled people are more likely than their non-disabled peers to be the victims of hate speech and hate crime. In our study, 38% reported at least one experience of hate speech during the previous 12 months. The respondents reported a wide range of consequences of hate speech related to psychological, social and societal issues. The findings reveal that people place restrictions on their own lives as a result of being exposed to hate speech, including raising their opinion in public debates. Drawing on the work of Nancy Fraser, we discuss the mechanisms that prevent disabled people from participating in society on equal terms. We conclude that to combat hate speech, transformative strategies need to be applied.

Velan, B., et al. (2011). "Major motives in non-acceptance of A/H1N1 flu vaccination: the weight of rational assessment." Vaccine 29(6): 1173-1179.
	Recent efforts of health authorities to promote vaccination against influenza A/H1N1 were met with low compliance rates in most industrialized countries. Here we analyzed the attitudes of the Israeli public towards A/H1N1 vaccination based on a telephone survey conducted several months after the peak of the outbreak. The findings attest to the low uptake of the A/H1N1 vaccine (17%) in Israel, and identify the socio-demographic characteristics associated with non-compliance. In addition, the survey reveals passiveness, fear and distrust as motives leading to non-compliance. Most importantly, the study identified the substantial weight of reflective assessment in the attitude of lay individuals towards the A/H1N1 vaccine. As many as 30% of the non-vaccinated responders provided reasoned arguments for rejecting the vaccine, based mainly on assessment of threat versus actual risk. These observations highlight the need to consider the opinion of the lay public when implementing new vaccination programs.

Ventevogel, P. and F. Hafizullah (2018). "Mental disorder or emotional distress? How psychiatric surveys in Afghanistan ignore the role of gender, culture and context." Intervention 16(3): 207-214.
	Over the last decades, mental health surveys in Afghanistan found very high prevalence figures for mental health problems among the Afghans. These epidemiological data suggest that the majority of the Afghan population suffer from a mental disorder such as depression or post-traumatic stress disorder. Such findings are often met with surprise by the Afghans who doubt that most of the people around them would suffer from a psychiatric illness. This paper explores the discrepancy between the findings from surveys using brief symptom-based questionnaires and the lived reality of the Afghan people. The authors argue that the outcomes of such mental health surveys should be interpreted with caution and can be better seen as indicators of ‘non-disordered’ psychosocial distress rather than as a general mental disorder. To better understand psychosocial wellbeing of the Afghan people, the survey data need to be put into context and have an eye for the cultural and social ecologies in which symptoms are produced. Many symptoms may actually be normal responses to living in difficult circumstances. Moreover, mental health surveys may conflate cultural idioms of distress with mental illness and often do not take into consideration that the Afghan social world is highly gender segregated. Future mental health research in Afghanistan should use contextually appropriate and culturally validated instruments and be complemented by in-depth ethnographic explorations of emotional suffering among Afghans. Key implications for practiceMHPSS practitioners should critically examine the results of psychiatric epidemiological surveys in humanitarian emergencies.Mental health researchers need to go beyond estimating prevalence figures of discrete mental disorders and move towards using dimensional approaches to mental health.Qualitative research can provide important insights around cultural idioms of distress that may be gender-specific.

Venturi, G. (2017). "Drog use, public opinion and morality: motivation and arguments based on use." Tempo Social 29(2): 159-185.
	This article analyzes data from a national survey conducted in 2013, representative of the Brazilian population sixteen years and older, that looked at perceptions, practices and opinions pertaining to the use of psychoactive drugs in Brazil. It describes the behavior of different sociodemographic groups related to the consumption of alcohol, tobacco and illicit drugs and relates their behavior to an attitudinal scale built as a synthesis of eight variables of opinion on the consumption and politics of current illegal drugs. The article presents a multinomial logistic regression used to identify predictor variables of two positions that seem at first contradictory as far as dissonance between declared behavior and manifested attitude. One position being prohibitionist users of illicit drugs - supporters of present drug laws that criminalize consumption and prioritize a focus on the problem as being a question of public security - and the other being non-prohibitionists who do not use illicit drugs. This article analyzes these positions through the lens of Jean Piaget and Lawrence Kolhberg’s constructivist psychosocial theory on morality and exposes the potential of these perspective to look at the discussion on public policy in regards to the universal phenomenon of the consumption of psychoactive substances.

Vincente, S. F. l., et al. (2015). "Implementation of a national school-based human papillomavirus (HPV) vaccine campaign in Fiji: knowledge, vaccine acceptability and information needs of parents." BMC public health 15(1257): (18 December 2015)-(2018 December 2015).
	Background: In 2008 Fiji implemented a nationwide Human Papillomavirus (HPV) vaccine campaign targeting all girls aged 9-12 years through the existing school-based immunisation program. Parents of vaccine-eligible girls were asked to provide written consent for vaccination. The purpose of this study was to describe parents' knowledge, experiences and satisfaction with the campaign, the extent to which information needs for vaccine decision-making were met, and what factors were associated with vaccine consent. Methods: Following vaccine introduction, a cross-sectional telephone survey was conducted with parents of vaccine-eligible girls from randomly selected schools, stratified by educational district. Factors related to vaccine consent were explored using Generalised Estimating Equations. Results: There were 560 vaccine-eligible girls attending the participating 19 schools at the time of the campaign. Among these, 313 parents could be contacted, with 293 agreeing to participate (93.6%). Almost 80% of participants reported having consented to HPV vaccination (230/293, 78.5%). Reported knowledge of cervical cancer and HPV prior to the campaign was very low. Most respondents reported that they were satisfied with their access to information to make an informed decision about HPV vaccination (196/293, 66.9%). and this was very strongly associated with provision of consent. Despite their young age, the vaccine-eligible girls were often involved in the discussion and decision-making. Most consenting parents were satisfied with the campaign and their decision to vaccinate, with almost 90% indicating they would consent to future HPV vaccination. However, negative media reports about the vaccine campaign created confusion and concern. Local health staff were cited as a trusted source of information to guide decision-making. Just over half of the participants who withheld consent cited vaccine safety fears as the primary reason (23/44, 52.3%). Conclusion: This is the first reported experience of HPV introduction in a Pacific Island nation. In a challenging environment with limited community knowledge of HPV and cervical cancer, media controversy and a short lead-time for community education, Fiji has implemented an HPV vaccine campaign that was largely acceptable to the community and achieved a high level of participation. Community sensitisation and education is critical and should include a focus on the local health workforce and the vaccine target group.

Vinck, P. and P. N. Pham (2013). "Association of exposure to intimate-partner physical violence and potentially traumatic war-related events with mental health in Liberia." Social Science & Medicine 77: 41-49.
	Liberia's wars between 1989 and 2003 resulted in hundreds of thousands of casualties and millions of victims. Gender-based violence was widespread during the conflict. Since the end of the war, however, little attention has been paid to ongoing violence against women, especially within the household. This research examines the relationships between intimate-partner physical violence, war experiences, and mental health nearly ten years after the end of the war. The study is based on a nationwide cross-sectional, multistage stratified cluster random survey of 4501 adults using structured interviews during a six-week period in November and December 2010. The main outcome measures are prevalence of intimate-partner physical violence, exposure to potentially traumatic war-related events, symptoms of Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD) and depression. Among adult women, 37.7% (95%CI, 34.9-40.5; n=852/2196) reported lifetime exposure to intimate-partner physical violence and 24.4% (95%CI, 22.1-26.9; n=544/2196) reported incidence of intimate-partner physical violence over a one-year recall period. Among men, 23.2% (95%CI, 20.8-25.9, n=475/2094) reported having severely beaten their spouse or partner over their lifetime; the incidence over the one-year recall was 12.2% (95%CI, 10.4-14.2, n=259/2094). Among adult residents in Liberia, 10.6% (95%CI, 9.5-11.7, n=546/4496) met the criteria for symptoms of depression, and 12.6% (95% CI, 11.5-13.9, n=608/4496) met the criteria for symptoms of PTSD. Intimate-partner physical violence as a victim and as a perpetrator was significantly associated with exposure to potentially traumatic war-related events, especially among men. Among women, experiencing intimate-partner physical violence was associated with symptoms of PTSD and depression. Among men, perpetrating intimate-partner physical violence was associated with symptoms of PTSD and depression after adjusting for exposure to potentially traumatic war-related events. These findings suggest that intimate-partner physical violence may be a continued stressor in post-war societies that needs to be recognized and addressed as part of the reconstruction effort.

Vitale, M. A., et al. (2010). "Evaluation of the Siblings of Physically Abused Children: A Comparison of Child Protective Services Caseworkers and Child Abuse Physicians." Child Maltreatment 15(2): 144-151.
	Current theories suggest that all children in a home are at risk for physical abuse, when one child is abused. However, little evidence exists to guide decisions regarding the medical management of siblings of physically abused children (contact children [CC]). This study sought to compare child protective services (CPS) caseworkers' and child abuse physicians' (CAP) recommendations regarding the need for medical evaluation of CC in case scenarios of unequivocal physical abuse. In all cases, caseworkers and physicians disagreed on which CC warranted a medical evaluation. In addition, 25% of caseworkers did not think that physicians should make recommendations on the need for medical evaluation of CC. The findings of the authors suggest that the home visit is a critical part of the decision-making process for caseworkers and that it often acts as a substitute for a medical evaluation. Caseworkers indicated that visible injury to the contact child and severity of injury to the index child were among the most important factors in deciding which CC need a medical evaluation. Although caseworkers and physicians disagree on certain issues related to the evaluation of CC, it is clear that limited resources should be directed at CC at highest risk for physical abuse. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Child Maltreatment is the property of Sage Publications Inc. and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

von Hermanni, H. and R. Neumann (2019). "'Refugees welcome?' The interplay between perceived threats and general concerns on the acceptance of refugees - a factorial survey approach in Germany." Journal of Ethnic and Migration Studies 45(3): 349-374.
	The on-going migration of refugees to Europe has fuelled debates about the indigence of refugees and the perceived legitimacy of individual claims for asylum in different receptive countries. With a substantial body of research that has investigated the antecedents of attitudes towards immigrants, evidence on whether those underlying assumptions hold true for refugees as well remains scarce. The paper applies the framework of Intergroup Threat Theory to arrive at competing hypotheses with regard to the acceptance levels of refugees. We use pooled data from two probabilistic samples drawn in the German city of Dresden and apply a confounded factorial survey design to extend previous research on attitudes towards refugees. We find that natives perceive political persecution and war as justified reasons for seeking asylum in Germany, while socio-demographic characteristics of respondents and refugees are of minor importance. Foremost, the individual level of respondent's fear of crime represents a crucial moderator of the perception of refugees as threatening.

Vrinten, C., et al. (2018). "Does psychosocial stress exacerbate avoidant responses to cancer information in those who are afraid of cancer? A population-based survey among older adults in England." Psychology & Health 33(1): 117-129.
	Objective: Communication of cancer information is an important element of cancer control, but cancer fear may lead to information avoidance, especially when coping is low. We examined the association between cancer fear and cancer information avoidance, and tested whether this was exacerbated by psychosocial stress. Design: Cross-sectional survey of 1258 population-based adults (58-70 years) in England. Main outcome measures: Cancer fear (intensity and frequency), perceived psychosocial stress and cancer information avoidance. Control variables were age, gender, ethnicity, marital status and education. Results: A quarter (24%) of respondents avoided cancer information. Ordinal logistic regression analyses showed main effects of psychosocial stress (OR=1.17, 95% CI 1.07-1.29) and cancer fear: cancer information avoidance was lowest in those with no cancer fear (13%), followed by those with moderate (24%; OR=2.15, 95% CI: 1.49-3.12), and high cancer fear (35%; OR=3.90, 95% CI: 2.65-5.73). In the adjusted model, the interaction between cancer fear and stress was significant (OR=1.14, 95% CI 1.004-1.29, p&lt;.05): 40% of those with high fear/high stress avoided cancer information compared with 29% with high fear/low stress. Conclusion: Cancer fear and psychosocial stress interact to produce disengagement with cancer-related information, highlighting the importance of affective processes to cancer control efforts.

Vrinten, C. and J. Wardle (2016). "Is cancer a good way to die? A population-based survey among middle-aged and older adults in the United Kingdom." European Journal of Cancer 56: 172-178.
	Objectives: Despite improved outcomes, cancer remains widely feared, often because of its association with a long and protracted death as opposed to the quick death that people associate with that other common cause of adult mortality: heart disease. Former editor-in-chief of the BMJ Richard Smith's view that 'cancer is the best way to die' therefore attracted much criticism. We examined middle-aged and older adults' agreement with this view and compared their attitudes towards dying from cancer versus heart disease in terms of which was a good death. Methods: This study was part of an online survey (February 2015) in a United Kingdom (UK) population sample of 50- to 70-year olds (n=391), with sampling quotas for gender and education. Five characteristics of 'a good death' were selected from the end-of-life literature. Respondents were asked to rate the importance of each characteristic for their own death to ensure their relevance to a population sample and the likelihood of each for death from cancer and heart disease. We also asked whether they agreed with Smith's view. Results: At least 95% of respondents considered the selected five characteristics important for their own death. Death from cancer was rated as more likely to provide control over what happens (p&lt;0.001), control over pain and other symptoms (p&lt;0.01), time to settle affairs (p&lt;0.001), and time to say goodbye to loved ones (p&lt;0.001) compared with death from heart disease, but there were no differences in expectation of living independently until death (p&gt;0.05). Almost half (40%) agreed that cancer is 'the best way to die', with no differences by age (p=0.40), gender (p=0.85), or education (p=0.27). Conclusion: Despite the media commotion, a surprisingly high proportion of middle-aged and older adults viewed cancer as 'the best way to die' and rated cancer death as better than heart disease. Given that one in two of us are likely to be diagnosed with cancer, conversations about a good death from cancer may in a small way mitigate fear of cancer. Future research could explore variations by type of cancer or heart disease and by previous experience of these illnesses in others.

Vuori, M., et al. (2013). "Fear of Crime in Local Communities after School Shootings." Journal of Scandinavian Studies in Criminology and Crime Prevention 14(2): 154-171.
	This study examines how adult populations express fear of mass violence in two Finnish local communities that have both faced school shooting incidents. The main focus is on the respondents' fear about the recurrence of school shootings. Our hypothesis is that socio-demographic factors, crime victimization, and depressive mood explain individual variation in fear of mass violence. Empirical analysis is based on cross-sectional data (n = 1,266). The postal surveys were collected from the Jokela and Kauhajoki local communities approximately 6 and 18 months after the school shooting incidents had taken place in 2007 and 2008. Descriptive analysis and ordered logistic regression analysis are used as analysis methods. The results highlight that fear of mass violence was associated with the female gender, low income, and households with school-aged children. Young women aged 18-34 were among the most concerned, whereas young men aged 18-34 were the least concerned, also when compared to older males. Finally, the individuals who knew a victim of the incident or reported depressive mood were twice as likely to express worry about crime compared to others. The findings support earlier findings on socio-demographic variation in fear of crime. However, the findings have important contextual significance, as in recent years we have seen collective-targeted attacks in small communities in many European countries and in the United States. Adapted from the source document.

Vuori, M., et al. (2013). "Fear of Crime in Local Communities after School Shootings." Journal of Scandinavian Studies in Criminology & Crime Prevention 14(2): 154-171.
	This study examines how adult populations express fear of mass violence in two Finnish local communities that have both faced school shooting incidents. The main focus is on the respondents' fear about the recurrence of school shootings. Our hypothesis is that socio-demographic factors, crime victimization, and depressive mood explain individual variation in fear of mass violence. Empirical analysis is based on cross-sectional data (n = 1,266). The postal surveys were collected from the Jokela and Kauhajoki local communities approximately 6 and 18 months after the school shooting incidents had taken place in 2007 and 2008. Descriptive analysis and ordered logistic regression analysis are used as analysis methods. The results highlight that fear of mass violence was associated with the female gender, low income, and households with school-aged children. Young women aged 18–34 were among the most concerned, whereas young men aged 18–34 were the least concerned, also when compared to older males. Finally, the individuals who knew a victim of the incident or reported depressive mood were twice as likely to express worry about crime compared to others. The findings support earlier findings on socio-demographic variation in fear of crime. However, the findings have important contextual significance, as in recent years we have seen collective-targeted attacks in small communities in many European countries and in the United States. [ABSTRACT FROM PUBLISHER]
Copyright of Journal of Scandinavian Studies in Criminology & Crime Prevention is the property of Routledge and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Wager, N. M. (2012). "Respondents' Experiences of Completing a Retrospective Web-Based, Sexual Trauma Survey: Does a History of Sexual Victimization Equate With Risk for Harm?" Violence & Victims 27(6): 991-1004.
	This study investigated respondents' experiences of completing a retrospective web-based survey exploring sexual revictimization. The original survey provided a link to a separate mixed-methods survey assessing the impact of participation. Of the original 481 respon-dents, 234 completed this follow-up survey. Eighty percent were female and 52% reported histories of sexual victimization (SV). Newman, Willard, Sinclair, and Kaloupek's (2001) Reactions to Research Participation Questionnaire was adapted to suit this web-based design, and several open-ended questions were included. The statistical analysis revealed that those who experienced SV reported higher levels of distress and personal benefit and were less likely to be inconvenienced by participation. However, higher levels of ben-efit did not always compensate for greater levels of distress, particularly for those with more recent and more extensive histories of SV. The thematic analysis of the qualitative responses is discussed and suggestions are offered for the design of more ethically sensi-tive research protocols and practices. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Violence & Victims is the property of Springer Publishing Company, Inc. and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Walby, S. and J. Towers (2018). "Untangling the concept of coercive control: Theorizing domestic violent crime." Criminology & Criminal Justice: An International Journal 18(1): 7-28.
	The article assesses three approaches to domestic violence: two that use the concept of ‘coercive control’ and one that uses ‘domestic violent crime’. These are: Stark’s concept of coercive control; Johnson’s distinction between situational couple violence and intimate terrorism, in which coercive control is confined to the latter; and that of domestic violent crime, in which all physical violence is conceptualized as coercive and controlling. The article assesses these three approaches on seven issues. It offers original analysis of data from the Crime Survey for England and Wales concerning variations in repetition and seriousness in domestic violent crime. It links escalation in domestic violent crime to variations in the economic resources of the victim. It concludes that the concept of domestic violent crime is preferable to that of coercive control when seeking to explain variations in domestic violence. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Criminology & Criminal Justice: An International Journal is the property of Sage Publications, Ltd. and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Walby, S., et al. (2016). "IS VIOLENT CRIME INCREASING OR DECREASING? A NEW METHODOLOGY TO MEASURE REPEAT ATTACKS MAKING VISIBLE THE SIGNIFICANCE OF GENDER AND DOMESTIC RELATIONS." British Journal of Criminology 56(6): 1203-1234.
	The fall in the rate of violent crime has stopped. This is a finding of an investigation using the Crime Survey for England and Wales, 1994-2014, and an improved methodology to include the experiences of high-frequency victims. The cap on the number of crimes included has been removed. We prevent overall volatility from rising by using three-year moving averages and regression techniques that take account of all the data points rather than point to point analysis. The difference between our findings and official statistics is driven by violent crime committed against women and by domestic perpetrators. The timing of the turning point in the trajectory of violent crime corresponds with the economic crisis in 2008/09. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of British Journal of Criminology is the property of Oxford University Press / USA and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Walgrave, S. and J. K. Joly (2018). "Surveying individual political elites: a comparative three-country study." Quality and Quantity 52(5): 2221-2237.
	This study examines and discusses survey strategies among political elites at different government levels in three countries; Belgium, Canada and Israel. More specifically, we discuss recruitment strategies that produce high response levels among hard to reach target populations in different political and cultural environments. Next, we also examine which political elites are most likely to engage in survey research and which ones are hardest to target. We find that (former) top elites (e.g. members of the executive, different types of leadership) are less likely to participate while regional politicians tend to be more likely to participate in this type of research. Finally, we analyze item non-response and find that the right mix of closed (survey) and open (interview-like) questions decreases item non-response. Moreover, after having established trust and rapport, respondents—even high profile elites—will provide answers to relatively personal and intrusive questions. While item non-response remains low in all three countries throughout the survey, there is a noticeable difference between Belgium and Canada on one hand, and Israel on the other, with markedly higher item non-response in the latter.

Wallace, J., et al. (2013). "Challenges in managing patients in Australia with chronic hepatitis B: the General Practitioners' perspective." Australian and New Zealand Journal of Public Health 37(5): 405-410.
	Objective: General Practitioners (GPs) are essential to reducing the impact of chronic hepatitis B (CHB) given their clinical management role where only 56% of people with the infection in Australia have been diagnosed. This qualitative study aimed to identify the challenges GPs face in effectively responding to CHB. Methods: Semi-structured interviews were conducted with 26 GPs self-identifying as having a 'high caseload' of patients and/or a particular interest in CHB. Participants were recruited from five jurisdictions and came from diverse ethnicities, clinical experience and practice profile. Interview data were analysed according to the principles of grounded theory. Results: Patient and GP knowledge, a lack of community awareness, and language and cultural diversity impeded the GP response to CHB. Communication with specialists was reported as challenging with unclear referral pathways, limited feedback from specialists after referral, and poor liaison and support for managing people living with CHB. Regulations restricting GPs capacity to respond included the lack of prescribing opportunities, fear of Medicare auditing for screening the populations most at risk, and inadequate financial support given the complexity of CHB and the communities most affected by the infection. Conclusions: General Practitioners require additional skills and resources to support the effective management of people with CHB. These include improved awareness and knowledge about the infection, adequate financial resources to support patient management, and effective referral pathways and support.

Waller, L. G. (2013). "Interviewing the surveyors: factors which contribute to questionnaire falsification (curbstoning) among Jamaican field surveyors." International Journal of Social Research Methodology 16(2): 155-164.
	One of the greatest concerns or fears of either survey designers, survey project manager or those relying on survey data for decision-making, is the falsification of data collected in the field. This practice is called curbstoning. Using the Grounded Theory Methodology, I interview 74 quantitative field surveyors in Jamaica to identify the strategies they use to falsify questionnaires. These field surveyors explain and describe curbstoning methods they have used to falsify close-ended and open-ended questionnaires, as well as questionnaires with verification questions. I have suggested several strategies for mitigating each one of these curbstoning methods. This article has significant practical application for how survey designers and survey project managers in all spaces around the world can mitigate against the curbstoning of questionnaires. This article also helps to start discussions on the falsification of emerging methods and tools for quantitative data collection. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of International Journal of Social Research Methodology is the property of Routledge and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Walser, S. and M. Killias (2012). "Who should supervise students during self-report interviews? A controlled experiment on response behavior in online questionnaires." Journal of experimental criminology 8(1): 17-28.
	Objectives: This study tests whether juveniles' responses on sensitive topics such as self-reported delinquency, victimization, and substance use are comparable when teachers versus external persons supervise students while filling out online questionnaires. Methods: Eighty classes with 1,197 students (9th grade) in eastern Switzerland were randomly assigned (at the class level) to supervision either by their teacher or by an external person (i.e., researcher). Students filled out online questionnaires about self-reported delinquency, victimization, and substance use in the classroom while being supervised either by their teacher or by an external person. Prevalence rates were compared using Chi-square tests. Results: Only three out of 57 comparisons show significantly different outcomes. Whenever differences are found, and contrary to our expectation, sensitive experiences are more often admitted when students are supervised by their teacher. Effect sizes do not exceed 0.6, and are thus all below the limit of a small effect. Conclusions: Using online questionnaires with teachers as supervisors may not affect validity while making surveys less expensive and intrusive. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Journal of Experimental Criminology is the property of Springer Nature and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Wang, L., et al. (2014). "Analysis on the surveillance of hemorrhagic fever with renal syndrome in Zibo city from 2006 to 2012." Modern Preventive Medicine 41(12): 2269-2271.
	Objective: This study aimed to analyze the epidemiological characters and risk factors of hemorrhagic fever with renal syndrome (HFRS) in Zibo city, in order to provide preventive measures against the disease. Methods: Epidemiological data of HFRS from 2006 to 2012 were collected to describe the epidemiological characteristics of HFRS. Data including the density of rats, proportion of rats with virus, and species of rats were collected from high-incidence areas. Results: A total of 515 HFRS cases were reported in the whole city from 2006 to 2012, with an average incidence rate of 1.69 per million. Young and middle-aged male farmers were the main victims in these cases. The cases were distributed mainly in the southern mountains of Zibo, Zichuan, Boshan and Yiyuan, accounting 72.43 percent of the total cases. High risk areas were alternating. One incidence peak were observed in the season of spring and autumn-winter. The intensity of autumn-winter peak was obviously higher than the spring peak in 2012. The average rat density was 2.28%, and the rate of rat with virus was 4.26%. The dominant indoor species was Rattus norvegicus, and the dominant outdoor species was Apodemus agrarius. The proportions of rat with virus for Apodemus agrarius, Rattus norvegicus and Mus musculus respectively were 15.22%, 3.27%, and 2.63%. Conclusion: The incidence rate of HFRS in Zibo began to rise since 2011, and the main source of infection was Apodemus agrarius. The southern mountains of Zibo were the main incidence areas. It is necessary to strengthen the monitoring and vaccination among key population.

Wang, L., et al. (2017). "Surveillance and analysis of hemorrhagic fever with renal syndrome in Zibo, China, 2015." Zhongguo Meijie Shengwuxue ji Kongzhi Zazhi = Chinese Journal of Vector Biology and Control 28(4): 392-395.
	Objective: To analyze the epidemic characteristics of hemorrhagic fever with renal syndrome (HFRS), the distribution and virus-carrying status of host animals in Zibo, China in 2015, so as to provide evidences for establishing prevention and control measures. Methods: Descriptive epidemiological analysis was conducted on the incidence data of HFRS, Excel 2007 and SPSS 16.0 software were used to analyze the surveillance data of HFRS host animals. Results: A total of 84 cases including one death were reported in the entire city in 2015, a decline of 35.88% compared with that in 2014, and the case fatality rate was 1.19%. The cases were distributed mainly in Yiyuan county and Zichuan district, which accounted for 72.62%. Middle and old-aged male farmers were the main victims in these cases. The age group of 45-69 accounted for 70.24% of the cases. Two peak seasons were observed in spring (March-May) and autumn-winter (October-December). The average rodent density was 5.99%, the virus-carrying rate was 8.80%. Rattus norvegicus was the predominant species of rodents in the residential areas. In the farm land, the predominant species was Apodemus agrarius. All the 11 lung samples isolated from R. norvegicus in autumn were positive as Soul virus. Conclusion: The incidence rate of HFRS declined in Zibo city, but the rodent density and the virus-carrying rate were still high in some areas, the risk of HFRS outbreaks in these areas remains. It is necessary to strengthen immunization, rodent control and health education in high-endemic areas.

Wang, M., et al. (2009). "Epidemiological analysis of 36 cases of rabies in Jining city, Shandong province." Disease Surveillance 24(6): 398-399.
	Objective: To analyze rabies in Jining city, Shandong province in 2006 and determine the factors associated with the increased prevalence, and provide evidence for the development of more effective control and preventive strategies. Methods: Data of rabies cases in the city in 2006 were collected for comprehensive analysis of exposed/bitten parts of the body, onset age, onset time, wound management. Results: All 36 patients of rabies lived an agricultural living, age of onset ranging mainly from middle-aged to elderly. The onset time was concentrated mainly from June to November. Most culprit dogs were domestic, and had a "healthy" appearance. Meanwhile, wounds were not managed in a timely manner and with standard procedures; most victims did not receive rabies vaccine, anti-rabies virus serum/anti-rabies immunoglobulin injection. Conclusion: Increasing number of domestic dogs and mismanagement, untimely management of wounds including standard vaccination in authorized clinics, and inadequate rabies vaccine and anti-rabies serum/anti-rabies immunoglobulin therapy constituted the primary causes of morbidity and mortality of rabies. Therefore, the government shall attach importance to the implementation of relevant control strategies to strengthen public health education, control the infectious source, enhance epidemic surveillance in order to scientifically prevent and control the diseases. Preventive vaccines are vital to rabies control.

Wang, Q., et al. (2019). "Epidemiological characters of population exposed to rabies in Xicheng District, Beijing during 2010-2017." Chinese Journal of Biologicals 32(2): 165-168.
	Objective: To analyze the epidemiological characters of population exposed to rabies in Xicheng District, Beijing City during 2010-2017, understand the dynamics and regularity of epidemic in this region and provide a scientific basis for control of rabies. Methods: The data on outpatient registration of rabies in Xicheng District during 2010-2017 were included into Epidata databank and analyzed by using SPSS 13.0 and Excel 2003 software. Results: A total of 121 906 victims bitten by animals were registered in the vaccination clinic for rabies from 2010 to 2017, all of whom received rabies vaccination. A portion of 71.68% of the victims were hurt by dogs. A portion of 54.23% of the injuries occurred in spring and summer. The proportions of female victims in these years were higher than those of male victims, while the ratio of male to female victims was 1:1.31. The victims at ages of 20-29 years accounted for 27.08% of the total victims. Of the victims, 56.40% were working people. A portion of 59.69% of the injuries occurred in hands. The proportion of exposure of degree III showed a decreasing tendency. The average utilization rate of preparations for passive immunization was 31.28%, which showed an increasing tendency. Most of events in which several people were hurt by one dog occurred in the inhabited areas of floating population. Conclusion: The health education of knowledge of rabies prevention should be strengthened. The government and the masses should pay more attention to the management of domestic animals and the increase of vaccination rate in animals. The emergency treatment of special exposure such as organ transplantation and the events in which several people were hurt by one dog should be further specified, and the cost of immunizations with rabies vaccine and passive immune preparation in population exposed to rabies should be included into health insurance.

Wang, S., et al. (2009). "Household exposure to violence and human rights violations in western Bangladesh (II): history of torture and other traumatic experience of violence and functional assessment of victims." BMC International Health and Human Rights 9(31): (27 November 2009)-(2027 November 2009).
	Background: Organised crime and political violence (OPV) and human rights violations have marred Bangladesh history since 1971. Little is known about the consequences for the oppressed population. This study describes the patterns of OPV and human rights violations in a disturbed area of Bangladesh and assesses the physical, emotional and social functioning of victims. Methods: A total of 236 of selected participants in a household survey in Meherpur district were recruited for a detailed study. Interviews and physical examinations were used to obtain information about history of torture and other cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment (TCIDTP), and about injuries, pain frequency and intensity. Handgrip strength and standing balance performance were measured. The "WHO-5 Well-being" scale was used to assess the subjective emotional well-being of study participants. Results: The majority of the reported cases of TCIDTP occurred in 2000-2008, 51% of incidents occurred during winter; 32.0% between 20:00 and midnight. Police involvement was reported in 75% of cases. Incidents took place at victims' homes (46.7%), or at the police station, military camp, in custody or in prison (21.9%). Participants experienced 1-10 TCIDTP methods and reported 0-6 injury locations on their bodies; 77.5% reported having at least two injuries. Less than half of the participants were able to stand on one leg for 30 seconds. Only 7.5% of males aged 25-44 had handgrip strength in both hands exceeding average values for healthy people at the same age. Over 85% of participants scored low (&lt;13) on the 25-point "WHO-5 Well-being" scale. The number of years since the TCIDTP event, pain frequency, the need to quit a job to take care of an injured family member, political involvement, personal conflicts and the fear of neighbourhood violence strongly affected emotional well-being. Good emotional well-being correlated with increased political and social participation. Conclusion: A detailed picture of characteristics of the victimisation is presented. The participants showed poor emotional well-being and reduced physical capacity. The results indicated that the simple and rapid method of assessment used here is a promising tool that could be used to monitor the quality and outcome of rehabilitation.

Wansink, B., et al. (2014). "Ingredient-based food fears and avoidance: antecedents and antidotes." Food Quality and Preference 38: 40-48.
	This study investigates food fears that are ingredient-based, focusing on the case of high-fructose corn syrup. The results of a national phone survey of 1008 U.S. mothers offer five preliminary sets of observations: first, consumers with a fear of a specific ingredient - such as high-fructose corn syrup - may exaggerate and overweigh perceived risks. Second, such consumers may often receive more information from the internet than from television. Third, they may be partly influenced by their reference group. Fourth, ingredients associated with less healthy foods mainly hurt evaluation of foods perceived as relatively healthy. Fifth, food fears may be offset when an ingredient's history, background, and general usage are effectively communicated. These findings suggest new insights for understanding how public health, industry, and consumer groups can more effectively target and address ingredient fears.

Ward, J. K., et al. (2017). "'I don't know if I'm making the right decision': French mothers and HPV vaccination in a context of controversy." Health, Risk & Society 19(1/2): 38-57.
	Human papillomavirus (HPV) vaccination coverage in France has fallen substantially since 2010 and the onset of a media controversy on the subject of its safety and efficacy. In this article we examine how and why mothers agree or do not agree to HPV vaccination for their daughters. We draw on data from a survey of French mothers of girls within the HPV vaccination target population (11-14 years old). We used semi-structured interviews to examine their perceptions of this relatively new vaccine and how such perceptions were shaped by their past experiences of vaccines and health in general. We also talked to them about their sources of information, their level of trust in these sources, and how their perception of risk changed as they accessed different and often contradictory information. We found that mothers' fears of side effects and of 'new' vaccines was one of the main reason why they either refused to get their daughters vaccinated or hesitated. Mothers told us that they consulted several different sources, tended to trust their doctors most, but still questioned their recommendations. Although they presented the media and the Internet as untrustworthy, the information from those sources, whether gathered proactively or in passing, significantly influenced their decisions by introducing doubt or by prompting more information-seeking. In this article we show the dynamic nature of this decision-making process and we found that a substantial number of the mothers in our study said that they had been advised by at least one of their doctors not to have their daughter vaccinated.

Wathen, C. N., et al. (2015). "What Counts? A Mixed-Methods Study to Inform Evaluation of Shelters for Abused Women." Violence against women 21(1): 125-146.
	Shelters for abused women have expanded from 'safe havens' to providing a range of residential and outreach services, and face increasing pressure to demonstrate 'value for money' by providing evaluation metrics that may or may not reflect what they actually do. We conducted interviews and surveys with 68 shelter directors in Ontario, Canada, and found that differences in service philosophy and how abuse is defined influence decisions about who receives services and the shelter's role in the broader community; these in turn affect how the work of shelters is positioned. Implications for shelter service evaluation are discussed. [Reprinted by permission of Sage Publications Inc., copyright holder.]

Watson, L. F. and A. J. Taft (2013). "Intimate partner violence and the association with very preterm birth." Birth 40(1): 17-23.
	Background: Intimate partner violence is a major public health problem. It occurs commonly in pregnancy, resulting in adverse events for women and their fetus or children. The objective of this study was to examine the association between intimate partner violence and very preterm birth. Methods: This population-based, case-control study was conducted in Victoria, Australia, from 2002 to 2004. Interviews were conducted with 603 women who had a singleton very preterm birth (20-31 weeks' gestation), 770 women who had a singleton term birth (37 or more completed weeks' gestation), 139 women who had a very preterm twin birth, and 214 women who had a term twin birth. Intimate partner violence was measured using the Composite Abuse Scale, and questions were also asked about fear of partners and violence from others. Results: Prevalence of intimate partner violence in the past 12 months was 14.9 percent in singleton case women, 11.7 percent in singleton control women, 9.5 percent in twin case women, and 14.7 percent in twin control women. Fear of a previous partner and reporting similar violence experience with someone else were more likely in singleton births (AOR=1.36; 95% CI 1.03, 1.79) and (AOR=1.44; 95% CI 1.12, 1.86), respectively. No differences between twin case women and twin control women were observed. When the precipitating cause of very preterm birth was investigated, antepartum hemorrhage was significantly associated with intimate partner violence and all its subscales. Conclusions: The heterogeneity of causes of very preterm birth may explain the lack of association found with intimate partner violence in pregnancy. Pregnant women have a significant risk of intimate partner violence, which should be a serious concern for all care providers.

Weinberg, J., et al. (2014). "Comparing Data Characteristics and Results of an Online Factorial Survey between a Population-Based and a Crowdsource-Recruited Sample." Sociological Science 1: 292-310.
	Compared to older kinds of sample surveys, online platforms provide a fast and low-cost platform for factorial surveys, as well as a more demographically diverse alternative to student samples. Two distinct strategies have emerged for recruitment: using panels based on population-based samples versus recruiting people actively seeking to complete online tasks for money. The latter is much cheaper but prompts various concerns about data quality and generalizability. We compare results of three vignette experiments conducted using the leading online panel that uses a population-based paradigm (Knowledge Networks, now GfK) and the leading platform for crowdsource recruitment (Amazon Mechanical Turk). Our data show that, while demographic differences exist, most notably in age, the actual results of our experiments are very similar, especially once these demographic differences have been taken into account. Indicators of data quality were actually slightly better among the crowdsource subjects. Although more evidence is plainly needed, our results support the accumulating evidence for the promise of crowdsource recruitment for online experiments, including factorial surveys.

Wells, W., et al. (2012). "Non-Response Bias with a Web-Based Survey of College Students: Differences from a Classroom Survey About Carrying Concealed Handguns." Journal of Quantitative Criminology 28(3): 455-476.
	Internet-based and e-mail surveys represent viable administrative methods for efficiently collecting data. These methods appear to be particularly well-suited for studying college student populations, a group that has gained attention from criminologists interested in testing theories. An important concern with administering surveys with the Internet and via e-mail is that of non-response bias. Despite the appeal of online surveys, nonresponse bias associated with these methods has not been sufficiently investigated. The study described here estimates nonresponse bias associated with a web-administered survey that measured opinions about changing concealed handgun carrying laws on college campuses, items likely to elicit polarizing opinions. Results show important substantive differences between web-administered and in-class versions of the survey. Students who responded to the web survey expressed more extreme opinions and behavioral responses to a proposed policy that would allow concealed handgun carrying on campus. Survey researchers who utilize web-based administrative methods should consider using multiple sources of leverage when soliciting participation and must carefully evaluate sample representativeness. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Journal of Quantitative Criminology is the property of Springer Nature and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Wentzell, E. and J. Salmerón (2009). "You'll "Get Viagraed:" Mexican men's preference for alternative erectile dysfunction treatment." Social Science & Medicine 68(10): 1759-1765.
	The pharmaceutically focused clinical and epidemiological literature on erectile dysfunction (ED) treatment has paid little attention to men's non-medical responses to changing erectile function. This study explores the relationship of erectile function change, resulting use of medical or alternative treatments, and Mexican men's understandings of masculinity and aging, through a mixed method approach utilizing both quantitative survey and ethnographic interview data. A survey of 750 men undertaken at the Instituto Méxicano del Seguro Social hospital in Cuernavaca, Mexico in April to June 2008 showed that only about half of those who experienced erectile function changes sought treatment for these changes; treatment users were far more likely to seek alternative treatment than medical treatment, especially preferring lifestyle change and vitamins. Ethnographic data from interviews with 250 male urology patients undertaken from October 2007 to August 2008 at the same site reveal that treatment users' preferences were linked to fears about the safety and situational inappropriateness of medical ED treatment. These findings suggest that by focusing on patients' use of pharmaceuticals, biomedically oriented research has overlooked the most common responses to changing erectile function. Broadening the focus of ED treatment research to include analysis of men's rejection of pharmaceutical treatment - either in favor of alternative treatment, or because they do not see their erectile function changes as requiring medical intervention - would correct this imbalance in the literature. Further, the knowledge that even men who seek treatment may prefer alternatives to pharmaceutical interventions will help physicians to offer treatments, such as lifestyle change, that their patients might find more acceptable. Such measures would simultaneously help to mitigate the chronic illnesses, like diabetes and hypertension, which frequently co-occur with diminished erectile function.

Wesche, R. and J. Dickson-Gomez (2019). "Gender attitudes, sexual risk, intimate partner violence, and coercive sex among adolescent gang members." Journal of Adolescent Health 64(5): 648-656.
	Purpose: Adolescent gang members are at greater risk of poor sexual health outcomes than nongang members. Gang members' beliefs about gender may explain variation in their sexual health outcomes. The purpose of this study was to examine how gangs' and gang members' beliefs about gender are associated with sexual health outcomes, including sexual risk-taking, intimate partner violence, and coercive sex. Methods: Gang members (N=281; 46% female; 73% black/African American, 25% Hispanic/Latino, 4% white, age=14-19 years) from 32 gangs completed surveys. Multilevel models assessed how gang norms and individuals' beliefs about women/girls as romantic partners, gang members, and sexual partners were associated with sexual risk-taking, intimate partner violence, and coercive sex (forced sex and gang rape). Results: Gangs and individual gang members who held more equitable beliefs about girls' role as gang members were at increased risk of experiencing several negative outcomes, including intimate partner violence victimization and perpetration, forced sex victimization, and gang rape victimization. These associations were stronger for gangs with a higher ratio of male members to female members. In contrast, equitable beliefs about women/girls as romantic and sexual partners were protective against intimate partner violence and coercive sex victimization and perpetration. Conclusion: Interventions that address gender beliefs among gang members may improve intimate partner violence and coercive sex. These programs may be most effective if they aim to improve equity in sexual and romantic relationships, rather than focusing on respect for female gang members.

Westerlund, C., et al. (2018). "Public awareness of palliative care in Sweden." Scandinavian Journal of Public Health 46(4): 478-487.
	Objective: The aim of this study was to investigate the awareness of palliative care (PC) in a general Swedish population. Design: We developed an e-survey based on a similar study conducted in Northern Ireland, consisting of 10 questions. Closed questions were primarily analyzed using descriptive statistics. Open questions were subject to inductive qualitative analysis. Subjects: The study utilized a population sample of 7684 persons aged 18-66, of which 2020 responded, stratified by gender, age and region. Results: Most participants reported 'no' (n=827, 41%) or 'some' (n=863, 43%) awareness of PC. Being female or older were associated with higher levels of awareness, as was a university-level education, working in a healthcare setting and having a friend or family member receiving PC. Most common sources of knowledge were the media, close friends and relatives receiving PC, as well as working in a healthcare setting. Aims of PC were most frequently identified as 'care before death', 'pain relief', 'dignity' and a 'peaceful death'. The preferred place of care and death was one's own home. The main barriers to raising awareness about PC were fear, shame and taboo, along with perceived lack of information and/or personal relevance. The term 'palliative care' was said to be unfamiliar by many. A number of strategies to enhance awareness and access to PC were suggested, largely reflecting the previously identified barriers. Conclusions: This survey found limited awareness of palliative care in an adult sample of the Swedish general public ≤66 years, and points to a more widespread disempowerment surrounding end-of-life issues.

Westgarth, C., et al. (2018). "How many people have been bitten by dogs? A cross-sectional survey of prevalence, incidence and factors associated with dog bites in a UK community." Journal of Epidemiology & Community Health 72(4): 331-336.
	Background: Dog bite studies are typically based on hospital records and may be biased towards bites requiring significant medical treatment. This study investigated true dog bite prevalence and incidence at a community-level and victim-related risk factors, in order to inform policy and prevention. Methods: A cross-sectional study of a community of 1280 households in Cheshire, UK, surveyed 694 respondents in 385 households. Data included dog ownership and bite history, demographics, health and personality (Ten Item Personality Inventory (TIPI) brief measure). Multivariable logistic regression modelled risk factors for having ever been bitten by a dog, accounting for clustering of individuals within households. Results: A quarter of participants (24.78%, 95%CI 21.72 to 28.13) reported having ever been bitten by a dog during their lifetime, with only a third of bites described requiring further medical treatment and 0.6% hospital admission. Incidence of dog bites was 18.7 (11.0-31.8) per 1000 population per year. Males were 1.81 times more likely to have been bitten in their lifetime than females (95%CI 1.20 to 2.72, P=0.005). Current owners of multiple dogs were 3.3 times more likely (95%CI 1.13 to 9.69, P=0.03) to report having been bitten than people not currently owning a dog. Regarding all bites described, most commonly people were bitten by a dog that they had never met before the incident (54.7%). Individuals scoring higher in emotional stability had a lower risk of having ever been bitten (OR=0.77 for 1 point change in scale between 1 and 7, 95%CI 0.66 to 0.9, P=0.001). Conclusion: This study suggests that the real burden of dog bites is considerably larger than those estimated from hospital records. Further, many bites do not require medical treatment and hospital-based bite data are not representative of bites within the wider population. Victim personality requires further investigation and potential consideration in the design of bite prevention schemes.

Wet, N. D. (2013). "Parent absenteeism and adolescent work in South Africa: An analysis of the levels and determinants of adolescents who work 10 or more hours a week." Etude de la Population Africaine 27(1).
	Using data from the 2010 Survey of Activities of Young People (SAYP) this paper examines the relationship between parent absenteeism and adolescents' (10-17 years old) participation in the labour force in SouthAfrica. Due to widespread poverty and the impact of HIV/AIDS, adolescents are forced to forego schooling to seek employment. As Stanton et al. (2004) posited, parent absenteeism affects adolescents' school completionrates and is associated with risky behaviour. This paper argues that parent absenteeism also forces adolescents to seek employment. Descriptive statistics and multivariate logistic regression are used. Results show that 1.58 adolescents per 1,000 adolescent population work 10 or more hours a week. Further, 38.7% of adolescents have at least one parent absent from the household. Almost 2% of adolescents who have at least one parent absent are not enrolled in school. Finally, adolescents are less likely to work more than 10 hours a week if a mother is absent from the household (0.34), yet more likely to work more than 10 hours if a father is absent (1.21).

Wharton, S., et al. (2016). "Interest, views and perceived barriers to bariatric surgery in patients with morbid obesity." Clinical Obesity 6(2): 154-160.
	The objective of the study was to assess the interest, views and patient-perceived barriers to bariatric surgery among surgery-eligible patients. Surveys were completed at a weight management clinic and local hospital in Ontario, Canada. Patients were ≥18 years of age with a body mass index (BMI) &gt;40 kgm-2 or BMI&gt;35 kgm-2 with ≥1 comorbidity. The sample included 105 participants, 73.3% female, with a mean BMI of 46.6±7.1 kgm-2. Only 33.3% of participants were interested in surgery; 50.5% of participants were not interested and 16.2% had mixed feelings. Participants identified risks (69.5%) and side effects (57.1%) as significant surgical barriers. Interested participants were more likely to perceive themselves as obese, were unhappy with their current weight loss method and were less likely to fear surgery (P&lt;0.05). The prevalence of comorbidities was not different by surgical interest (P=0.17). Despite the effectiveness of bariatric surgery, the majority of qualified patients are not interested in surgery mainly due to the perceived risk of surgery in general and satisfaction with current non-surgical weight loss efforts. The self-perception of obesity, as opposed to medical comorbidities, may be a stronger driver of the decision to have bariatric surgery. It is unclear if patients are aware of the effectiveness of bariatric surgery to help improve comorbidities or if bariatric surgery is perceived as being more cosmetic in nature.

White, A. and R. Hingson (2013). "Excessive Alcohol Consumption and Related Consequences Among College Students." Alcohol Research: Current Reviews 35(2): 201-218.
	Research shows that multiple factors influence college drinking, from an individual's genetic susceptibility to the positive andnegative effects of alcohol, alcohol use during high school, campus norms related to drinking, expectations regarding thebenefits and detrimental effects of drinking, penalties forunderage drinking, parental attitudes about drinking while atcollege, whether one is member of a greek organization orinvolved in athletics, and conditions within the larger communitythat determine how accessible and affordable alcohol is. Consequences of college drinking include missed classes andlower grades, injuries, sexual assaults, overdoses, memoryblackouts, changes in brain function, lingering cognitive deficits, and death this article examines recent findings about thecauses and consequences of excessive drinking among collegestudents relative to their non-college peers and many of thestrategies used to collect and analyze relevant data, as well asthe inherent hurdles and limitations of such strategies. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Alcohol Research: Current Reviews is the property of National Institute on Alcohol Abuse & Alcoholism and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

White, B., et al. (2016). "Community attitudes towards harm reduction services and a newly established needle and syringe automatic dispensing machine in an inner-city area of Sydney, Australia." International Journal of Drug Policy 27: 121-126.
	<bold>Background: </bold>Automatic dispensing machines (ADMs) are an inexpensive method of increasing needle and syringe distribution to people who inject drugs but widespread implementation has been limited. The operation of ADMs in Australia has been met with apparent community opposition despite national data indicating support for harm reduction. Key community concerns include perceived increases in crime and drug use. This study aimed to examine community-level support for a newly implemented ADM in an inner-city Sydney area known for high levels of drug use.<bold>Methods: </bold>Attitudes to harm reduction and ADMs were assessed via a brief face-to-face survey of local residents (n=118) and businesses (n=35) located within the vicinity of needle and syringe program (NSP) services including the ADM. Participation was voluntary and no reimbursement was provided. Univariate analysis assessed statistically significant differences between residents' and businesses' knowledge of, and support for, a range of harm reduction initiatives, both generally and in the local area. Univariate logistic regression models were used to determine factors associated with indicating support for an ADM locally.<bold>Results: </bold>The response rate was higher among businesses (60%) compared to residents living in street-accessible dwellings (42%). Participants indicated support for fixed-site NSPs in general (83%) and locally (77%). Support for ADMs was slightly lower - 67% indicated support for ADMs generally and 60% locally. Negative opinions regarding ADMs (believing that they encourage drug use, attract drug users to the area and increase drug-related crime) were found to be significantly associated with a lower likelihood of indicating support for ADMs locally.<bold>Conclusion: </bold>Despite media reports suggesting widespread community concern, there was general community support for harm reduction, including ADMs. While it is important that harm reduction services are aware of community concerns and respond appropriately, such responses should be considered and interpreted against a broader backdrop of support. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of International Journal of Drug Policy is the property of Elsevier B.V. and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Widman, L., et al. (2013). "Self-Reported Sexual Assault in Convicted Sex Offenders and Community Men." Journal of interpersonal violence 28(7): 1519-1536.
	Although self-reported sexual assault perpetrated by men against women has been well documented among college men, less is known about self-reported perpetration among convicted sex offenders and community men. This study provides unique descriptive and comparative information on sexual assaults in these understudied populations. Participants were 40 convicted sex offenders and 49 demographically comparable community men who completed the Sexual Experiences Survey (SES; Abbey, Parkhill, & Koss, 2005; Koss, Gidycz, & Wisniewski, 1987) and other surveys to capture the promiscuous sex and hostile masculinity pathways posited by the confluence model (Malamuth, 2003). We found notably few differences between sex offenders and community men in the rate and severity of sexual assault perpetration and the tactics used to obtain unwanted sexual contact. Specifically, 68% of sex offenders and 59% of community men acknowledged they had perpetrated sexual assault. Both groups used guilt and anger as the most frequent tactics to obtain unwanted sexual activity from their female victims. Consistent with the confluence model, an impersonal orientation toward sexual relationships was associated with sexual assault for both sex offenders and community men. Future directions for research on sexual assault perpetration and violence prevention efforts are discussed in light of these findings. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Journal of Interpersonal Violence is the property of Sage Publications Inc. and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Wilson, J., et al. (2009). "Is previous psychological health associated with the likelihood of Iraq war deployment? An investigation of the "healthy warrior effect"." American Journal of Epidemiology 169(11): 1362-1369.
	Using survey data, the authors assessed whether military personnel's prior mental health status would influence their likelihood of being deployed. None of the previous studies that assessed a possible "healthy warrior effect," in which persons selected for deployment have better predeployment health, were based on surveys. A sample of 2,820 United Kingdom military personnel studied in 2002, before the Iraq War, was contacted again between 2004 and 2006. The baseline questionnaire included a measure of psychological distress (the General Health Questionnaire), the PTSD [posttraumatic stress disorder] Checklist (PCL), physical symptoms, and level of medical fitness. A total of 1,885 (67%) participants completed a follow-up questionnaire. General Health Questionnaire caseness in 2002 was associated with a reduction in risk of deployment later on (risk ratio=0.81, 95% confidence interval: 0.67, 0.99). Scoring high on the PCL intrusiveness and avoidance domains also reduced the risk of deployment. These associations were slightly stronger when the comparison was made between persons who were deployed to Iraq and those who were not. Although risk ratios were well below 1.00, PCL categories were not significantly associated with being deployed. This study demonstrated a small "healthy warrior effect"; persons with better psychological health had a higher chance of being deployed, even after adjustment for predeployment medical fitness.

Wilson, J. M. and J. A. Heinonen (2011). "Advancing a Police Science: Implications From a National Survey of Police Staffing." Police Quarterly 14(3): 277-297.
	Data analysis can lead to innovative ways to address some of the most pressing criminal justice problems. Data collection and measurement, for example, supported the implementation of several successful crime-reduction strategies in recent decades. Ideally, data collection, measurement, and analysis could help police agencies develop evidence-based tenets of personnel management and planning as well as address problems of recruitment and retention. Police administrative data on these topics, however, have many problems, including incompleteness and inaccuracies. This article examines the extent of these as evident in a recent survey of large police agencies regarding personnel experiences and practices. It summarizes the issues that must be addressed for data analysis to yield insights on personnel issues. [ABSTRACT FROM PUBLISHER]
Copyright of Police Quarterly is the property of Sage Publications Inc. and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Wilson, M. L. and E. R. Lewis (2014). "Non-Fatal Gunshot Trauma Among A Sample of Adolescents in Djibouti: Prevalence and Sociodemographic Associations." Journal of interpersonal violence 29(2): 320-331.
	Firearm trauma is the second most common cause of serious injury among adolescents in the Republic of Djibouti. The aim of this study was to explore the sociodemographic correlates of serious injury and non-fatal gunshot trauma among adolescents in Djibouti. Using multinomial logistic regression, we compared a sample of adolescents (N = 1,711) who self-reported a non-firearm-related serious injury (n = 587) and those who reported a firearm-related injury (n = 101) with non-injured participants (n = 1,023) during a 12-month recall period. Analyses targeted demographic, behavioral, social, mental health, and family factors. After adjusting for covariates, participants reporting a non-firearm-related serious injury were more likely to report having been involved in physical fights (relative risk ratio [RRR] = 145; confidence interval [CI] = [1.04, 2.02), being bullied (RRR = 2.83; CI = [2.24, 3.56]), feeling lonely (RRR = 1.48; CI = [1.11, 1.96]), having signs of depression (RRR = 1.27; CI = [1.02, 1.58]), and be truant from school (RRR = 1.68; CI = [1.25, 2.28]). Those who reported a gunshot injury recorded being bullied (RRR = 2.83; CI = [1.77, 4.53]) and physically attacked at higher rates (RRR = 1.78; CI = [1.09, 2.89]). Serious injuries, whether firearm related or not, are important threats to adolescent health in Djibouti with potentially serious health-related correlates. More research, particularly multilevel designs, are needed to explain context-relevant factors associated with serious trauma in Djibouti. [Reprinted by permission of Sage Publications Inc., copyright holder.]

Wintemute, G. J. (2013). "Characteristics of federally licensed firearms retailers and retail establishments in the United States: initial findings from the Firearms Licensee Survey." Journal of Urban Health: Bulletin of the New York Academy of Medicine 90(1): 1-26.
	Firearms have widely supported legitimate purposes but are also frequently used in violent crimes. Owners and senior executives of federally licensed firearms dealers and pawnbrokers are a potentially valuable source of information on retail commerce in firearms, links between legal and illegal commerce, and policies designed to prevent the firearms they sell from being used in crimes. To our knowledge, there has been no prior effort to gather such information. In 2011, we conducted the Firearms Licensee Survey on a probability sample of 1,601 licensed dealers and pawnbrokers in the United States believed to sell 50 or more firearms per year. This article presents details of the design and execution of the survey and describes the characteristics of the respondents and their business establishments. The survey was conducted by mail, using methods developed by Dillman and others. Our response rate was 36.9% (591 respondents), similar to that for other establishment surveys using similar methods. Respondents had a median age of 54; 89% were male, 97.6% were White, and 98.1% were non-Hispanic. Those who held licenses under their own names had been licensed for a median of 18 years. A large majority of 96.3% agreed that "private ownership of guns is essential for a free society"; just over half (54.9%) believed that "it is too easy for criminals to get guns in this country." A match between the job and a personal interest in the shooting sports was the highest-ranking reason for working as a firearms retailer; the highest-ranking concerns were that "there are too many 'gun control' regulations" and that "the government might confiscate my guns." Most respondents (64.3%) were gun dealers, with significant variation by region. Residential dealers accounted for 25.6% of all dealers in the Midwest. Median annual sales volume was 200 firearms for both dealers and pawnbrokers. Dealers appeared more likely than pawnbrokers to specialize; they were more likely to rank in the highest or lowest quartile on sales of handguns, inexpensive handguns, and tactical rifles. Sales of inexpensive handguns and sales to women were more common among pawnbrokers. Internet sales were reported by 28.3% of respondents and sales at gun shows by 14.3%. A median of 1% of sales were denied after purchasers failed background checks; firearm trace requests equaled &lt;1% of annual sales. Trace frequency was directly associated with the percentage of firearm sales involving handguns, inexpensive handguns, and sales to women. Frequency of denied sales was strongly and directly associated with frequency of trace requests (p&lt;0.0001). These results are based on self-report but are consistent with those from studies using objective data.

Wong, S. T., et al. (2010). "The unmet health needs of East Asian high school students: are homestay students at risk?" Canadian Journal of Public Health 101(3): 241-245.
	Objectives: Most "homestay" high school students come to Canada from East Asian countries such as China, Korea and Japan to attend school while living with another family. Our objectives were to examine: (1) the characteristics of homestay youth compared to immigrant and Canadian-born East Asian youth and (2) whether their health risk behaviours are similar to immigrant or Canadian-born East Asian youth. Methods: We used the 2003 British Columbia Adolescent Health Survey to examine characteristics of East Asian youth and their health risk behaviours, including sexual behaviours, substance abuse, abuse history, and health status. Homestay students were those not born or raised in Canada and not living with their parent(s) or in foster care. Multivariate models tested for the independent association of student group, controlling for age. Results: Homestay students (weighted n=3,085) were older, on average, than immigrant or Canadian-born youth and spoke a language other than English at home (p&lt;0.001). Multivariate analyses showed that homestay students were more likely to engage in sexual behaviours than other youth and over 4 times more likely to have used cocaine. Female homestay students were 3 times more likely to be a victim of sexual abuse and were also 3 times more likely to use a substance prior to sex. Conclusion: Homestay students remain a forgotten and extremely vulnerable group of youth, in part because they have special living arrangements. No one is currently held accountable for their health or safety. In the absence of health policy about homestay students, public health officials and providers have a central role in ensuring the former's health is not threatened.

Wood, D. S. and R. H. Magen (2009). "Intimate Partner Violence Against Athabaskan Women Residing in Interior Alaska: Results of a Victimization Survey." Violence against women 15(4): 497-507.
	A survey instrument mirroring the National Violence Against Women Survey was administered in person to measure the incidence and prevalence of intimate partner violence against Athabaskan women residing in the interior of Alaska. Roughly two thirds of respondents (63.7%) reported an intimate partner assault victimization at some point in their adult lifetime, and 18% of the respondents reported that they had been physically assaulted by an intimate partner in the year preceding the survey. Findings revealed that intimate partner assault victimization is more prevalent and is considerably more frequent when compared to that reported for American women in general. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Violence Against Women is the property of Sage Publications Inc. and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Wood, L., et al. (2017). "Climate Surveys: An Inventory of Understanding Sexual Assault and Other Crimes of Interpersonal Violence at Institutions of Higher Education." Violence against women 23(10): 1249-1267.
	Sexual assault, dating/domestic violence, sexual harassment, and stalking are complex crimes and have been a major focus of national attention at institutions of higher education (IHEs). To grasp the extent and nature of these crimes on campuses, institutionally specific climate surveys are being developed and endorsed by the federal government and conducted at IHEs. These climate surveys differ in content and length. This article describes 10 different climate surveys and outlines the variables measured in each tool. Next steps for assessing climate surveys are discussed. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Violence Against Women is the property of Sage Publications Inc. and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Woodward, C. L. N., et al. (2010). "Computer-assisted survey of attitudes to HIV and sexually transmissible infection partner notification in HIV-positive men who have sex with men." Sexual Health 7(4): 460-462.
	Background: HIV infection continues to rise in men who have sex with men (MSM) in the UK. Of concern are the high rates of sexually transmissible infections (STI) among HIV-positive MSM, as this is associated with onward HIV transmission. Conventional partner notification (PN) may be limited in this group by the presence of multiple non-contactable partners and the fear of breach of HIV status. Methods: We explored attitudes to PN in HIV-positive MSM having an STI screen using a computer-assisted self interview. Results and Conclusion: Our study shows HIV+ MSM, rate conventional methods of PN highly (median rating 8/10) but are also supportive of new approaches to PN particularly anonymous email when linked to website information. They would also be open to targeted interventions such as peer recruitment.

Workeabeba, A. and S. Teferra (2012). "Disclosure of diagnosis by parents and caregivers to children infected with HIV: prevalence associated factors and perceived barriers in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia." AIDS Care 24(9): 1097-1102.
	Vertical transmission of HIV from infected mothers to children is a common phenomenon. After the introduction of highly active antiretroviral treatment (HAART), most children live longer than before. Recently, HAART has become widely available to children living in sub-Saharan African countries, and this makes disclosure of HIV status an important issue. We conducted a cross-sectional survey involving 172 parents/caregivers of HIV-infected school-age children who had follow-up at the Pediatric Infectious Disease Clinic of the Yekatit 12 Hospital, Addis Ababa. Only 16.3% of HIV-infected schoolchildren knew their diagnosis. The child's age was the main predictor of disclosure (OR: -0.25; 95% CI: -0.35, -0.09; p&lt;0.05). The main reason for nondisclosure was fear of negative emotional consequences for the child. More than half of the parent/caregivers agreed that they need to tell the children their diagnosis, but 86% reported that they needed health care providers to help them at the event. The low rate of disclosure found in this study shows the need for awareness creation and training of health professionals, and this should be supported by appropriate guidelines to be followed by health professionals working in pediatric ART clinics. Caregivers need to be provided with the necessary knowledge and skills on how to look after children who know their HIV status.

Wozniak, K. H. (2014). "American Public Opinion About Prisons." Criminal Justice Review (Sage Publications) 39(3): 305-324.
	Politicians in the United States frequently cite public anger when they attack “country-club” conditions in prisons. Despite the ubiquity of this rhetoric, it is backed by limited empirical support. Few studies measure American citizens’ attitudes toward prison conditions, and even fewer studies do so with data from random samples of the population. To address this limitation in our knowledge, I measure public perceptions of life in prison and opinions about the appropriate severity of punishment in prison with data from an original public opinion survey administered to a national sample of the U.S. population. I find that a plurality of respondents both perceive life in prison to be unpleasant and voice the opinion that life in prison should be harsher still. I contextualize these findings within the broader study of public opinion about punishment. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Criminal Justice Review (Sage Publications) is the property of Sage Publications Inc. and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Wright, R. and P. S. Casamassimo (2017). "Assessing attitudes and actions of pediatric dentists toward childhood obesity and sugar-sweetened beverages." Journal of Public Health Dentistry 77(s1): S79-S87.
	Objectives: Childhood obesity is a major US health concern, and oral health professionals have opportunities to participate in an interprofessional effort to intervene owing to their access to young patients and their abilities in addressing obesity-related dietary habits like consumption of sugar-sweetened beverages (SSBs). This study determined attitudes, behaviors, future intentions, and perceived barriers of pediatric dentists regarding efforts to prevent childhood obesity and reduce children's consumption of SSBs. Methods: The American Academy of Pediatric Dentistry conducted an online electronic survey with a convenience sample of approximately 7,450 pediatric dentists and pediatric dental residents during spring 2016. Results: Over 17 percent of pediatric dentists offer childhood obesity interventions. Of those not providing interventions, 67 percent were interested in offering obesity-prevention services. Nearly 94 percent of pediatric dentists offer information or other interventions on consumption of SSBs. Statistically significant barriers to providing healthy weight interventions were fear of offending parents, appearing judgmental, or creating parent dissatisfaction and a lack of parental acceptance of guidance about weight management from a dentist. Significant barriers to SSB interventions were sufficient time and health professional education. Conclusions: More pediatric dentists stated they offer childhood obesity interventions than in previous surveys reporting 6 percent, but respondents suggested that a child's weight is seen as a medical rather than dental issue. Most pediatric dentists provide interventions related to consumption of SSBs, perceiving the issue as integral to their care of children.

Wymann, M. N., et al. (2018). "Human papillomavirus vaccine uptake in adolescence and adherence to cervical cancer screening in Switzerland: a national cross-sectional survey." International Journal of Public Health 63(1): 105-114.
	Objectives: The objectives were to measure uptake of and factors associated with human papillomavirus (HPV) vaccination initiation and to determine whether HPV vaccination reduced the uptake of cervical cancer screening. Methods: We conducted a cross-sectional survey in a random sample of Swiss women aged 18-49 years in 2014 (N=3588). Results: Vaccination initiation was 69.3% and full coverage (three doses) 54.1% for 18-20-year olds, respectively, 42.4% and 33.9% for 21-24-year olds. Women with ≥10 lifetime sexual partners were less likely to have received any HPV vaccination than women with ≤2 partners (18-20 years OR 0.2, 21-24 years OR 0.5). Amongst 1000 unvaccinated women (18-24 years), reasons for not having initiated vaccination were lack of information (22.5%) and fear of vaccine side effects (18.1%). Vaccination status was not associated with adherence to cervical cancer screening recommendations (OR 1.3). 95.4% of all vaccinated participants knew about the continued need for screening. Conclusions: Our data suggest that HPV vaccination is not associated with reduced uptake of cervical cancer screening. This study provides information that can be used to improve HPV vaccination uptake in Switzerland.

Wysmułek, I. (2019). "Using public opinion surveys to evaluate corruption in Europe: trends in the corruption items of 21 international survey projects, 1989–2017." Quality and Quantity 53(5): 2589-2610.
	Many international survey projects contain items on corruption that facilitate comparative analyses of individual-level determinants of perceived and experienced corruption, yet such data remain under-used. To encourage more and better use of the wealth of available survey projects, this article presents a comprehensive review of the largest collection of extant cross-national data suitable for research on corruption in Europe. I examine a total of 1129 items on corruption stemming from 21 international survey projects and their 89 survey waves that cover 45 European countries during the period 1989–2017. Within three decades, the number of corruption items has grown remarkably, rising from just one in 1989 to nearly a hundred in 2017. This article shows the trends: a considerable increase in experiential items; greater differentiation between forms of corruption; a move from items on ‘what government has done’ to items on ‘what ordinary people can do’; and inclusion of items on corruption in private sector. Researchers interested in understanding perceptions and experiences of corruption, as they are shaped by social contexts, are offered an opportunity of exploring the availability of corruption items in international survey projects in a systematic manner in order to analyzed patterns of corruption, its causes and consequences. Concluding part of the paper contains some remarks on the challenges of using survey data on corruption in a comparative framework.

Xiao, J., et al. (2009). "Current state and psychological analysis of the use of stimulants by students taking college sports entrance examinations." Journal of Physical Education 16(9): 86-88.
	A questionnaire survey was conducted among students taking college sports entrance examinations to assess their knowledge about and attitudes toward the use of stimulants. It was found that their understanding of stimulants was inadequate, and they lack the correct attitude towards the use of stimulants. Achieving a goal beyond the reach of their abilities, gaining an extra benefit by unfair means, and fear of being in a disadvantageous situation were the motivations for their use of stimulants. It is also indicated that use of stimulants can result in psychological harm such as speculation, suspicion and distrust.

Xie, M. (2014). "Area Differences and Time Trends in Crime Reporting: Comparing New York with Other Metropolitan Areas." JQ: Justice Quarterly 31(1): 79-73.
	Police measures of crime are shaped by victims’ decisions to notify the police. To obtain a better understanding of US crime trends, this study uses the National Crime Victimization Survey to examine geographic differences and temporal trends in crime reporting in New York and other metropolitan areas for the period 1979-2004. We find that net of crime characteristics and survey methodology, the New York metropolitan area showed fewer increases in crime reporting than did other metropolitan areas. These divergent trends suggest that the real differences in the drop of nonlethal violence between New York and other areas may have been smaller than those indicated by police-based crime statistics. We also find that from the early 1990s to 2004, New York showed a sharp decrease in the likelihood of victims perceiving that “police wouldn’t help.” This trend suggests that police reforms in New York City have not resulted in more victims using police-related reasons to explain their nonreporting behavior. Instead, researchers need to develop a broader theoretical framework (not an exclusive focus on police actions) to understand how police- and nonpolice-related factors may explain the geographic variation in the trends of reporting observed in this study. [ABSTRACT FROM PUBLISHER]
Copyright of JQ: Justice Quarterly is the property of Routledge and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Xie, M. and E. P. Baumer (2018). "REASSESSING THE BREADTH OF THE PROTECTIVE BENEFIT OF IMMIGRANT NEIGHBORHOODS: A MULTILEVEL ANALYSIS OF VIOLENCE RISK BY RACE, ETHNICITY, AND LABOR MARKET STRATIFICATION*." Criminology 56(2): 302-332.
	Researchers in the United States have increasingly recognized that immigration reduces crime, but it remains unresolved whether this applies to people of different racial–ethnic and economic backgrounds. By using the 2008–2012 area‐identified National Crime Victimization Survey (NCVS), we evaluate the effect of neighborhood immigrant concentration on individual violence risk across race/ethnicity and labor market stratification factors in areas with different histories of immigration. The results of our analysis reveal three key patterns. First, we find a consistent protective role of immigrant concentration that is not weakened by low education, low income, unemployment, or labor market competition. Therefore, even economically disadvantaged people enjoy the crime‐reduction benefit of immigration. Second, we find support for threshold models that predict a nonlinear, stronger protective role of immigrant concentration on violence at higher levels of immigrant concentration. The protective function of immigration also is higher in areas of longer histories of immigration. Third, compared with Blacks and Whites, Latinos receive a greater violence‐reduction benefit of immigrant concentration possibly because they live in closer proximity with immigrants and share common sociocultural features. Nevertheless, immigrant concentration yields a diminishing return in reducing Latino victimization as immigrants approach a near‐majority of neighborhood residents. The implications of these results are discussed.

Xie, M. and E. P. Baumer (2019). "Neighborhood immigrant concentration and violent crime reporting to the police: A multilevel analysis of data from the National Crime Victimization Survey." Criminology 57(2): 237-267.
	Using data from the Area‐Identified National Crime Victimization Survey (NCVS), we provide a national assessment of the impact of neighborhood immigrant concentration on whether violence is reported to the police. By drawing on multiple theoretical perspectives, we outline how the level of violence reporting could be higher or lower in immigrant neighborhoods, as well as how this may depend on individual race/ethnicity and the history of immigration in the county in which immigrant neighborhoods are located. Controlling for both individual‐ and neighborhood‐level conditions, our findings indicate that within traditional immigrant counties, rates of violence reporting in immigrant neighborhoods are similar to those observed elsewhere. In contrast, within newer immigrant destinations, we observe much lower rates of violence reporting in neighborhoods with a large concentration of immigrants. Our study findings reveal comparable patterns for Whites, Blacks, and Latinos. The results have important implications for theory, policy, and future research.

Xie, M. and E. P. Baumer (2019). "Neighborhood immigrant concentration and violent crime reporting to the police: A multilevel analysis of data from the National Crime Victimization Survey*." Criminology 57(2): 237-267.
	Using data from the Area‐Identified National Crime Victimization Survey (NCVS), we provide a national assessment of the impact of neighborhood immigrant concentration on whether violence is reported to the police. By drawing on multiple theoretical perspectives, we outline how the level of violence reporting could be higher or lower in immigrant neighborhoods, as well as how this may depend on individual race/ethnicity and the history of immigration in the county in which immigrant neighborhoods are located. Controlling for both individual‐ and neighborhood‐level conditions, our findings indicate that within traditional immigrant counties, rates of violence reporting in immigrant neighborhoods are similar to those observed elsewhere. In contrast, within newer immigrant destinations, we observe much lower rates of violence reporting in neighborhoods with a large concentration of immigrants. Our study findings reveal comparable patterns for Whites, Blacks, and Latinos. The results have important implications for theory, policy, and future research. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Criminology is the property of Wiley-Blackwell and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Xie, M. I. N. and E. P. Baumer (2018). "REASSESSING THE BREADTH OF THE PROTECTIVE BENEFIT OF IMMIGRANT NEIGHBORHOODS: A MULTILEVEL ANALYSIS OF VIOLENCE RISK BY RACE, ETHNICITY, AND LABOR MARKET STRATIFICATION." Criminology 56(2): 303-332.
	Researchers in the United States have increasingly recognized that immigration reduces crime, but it remains unresolved whether this applies to people of different racial-ethnic and economic backgrounds. By using the 2008-2012 area-identified National Crime Victimization Survey (NCVS), we evaluate the effect of neighborhood immigrant concentration on individual violence risk across race/ethnicity and labor market stratification factors in areas with different histories of immigration. The results of our analysis reveal three key patterns. First, we find a consistent protective role of immigrant concentration that is not weakened by low education, low income, unemployment, or labor market competition. Therefore, even economically disadvantaged people enjoy the crime-reduction benefit of immigration. Second, we find support for threshold models that predict a nonlinear, stronger protective role of immigrant concentration on violence at higher levels of immigrant concentration. The protective function of immigration also is higher in areas of longer histories of immigration. Third, compared with Blacks and Whites, Latinos receive a greater violence-reduction benefit of immigrant concentration possibly because they live in closer proximity with immigrants and share common sociocultural features. Nevertheless, immigrant concentration yields a diminishing return in reducing Latino victimization as immigrants approach a near-majority of neighborhood residents. The implications of these results are discussed. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Criminology is the property of Wiley-Blackwell and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Xie, M. I. N., et al. (2012). "INTIMATE PARTNER VIOLENCE IN U.S. METROPOLITAN AREAS: THE CONTEXTUAL INFLUENCES OF POLICE AND SOCIAL SERVICES* INTIMATE PARTNER VIOLENCE IN U.S. METROPOLITAN AREAS: THE CONTEXTUAL INFLUENCES OF POLICE AND SOCIAL SERVICES." Criminology 50(4): 961-992.
	Although community responses to the problem of intimate partner violence typically focus on increasing and improving policing and social services, few studies have examined the relationship among police force size, social service providers, and women's safety at home. To address this issue, we use data from the National Crime Victimization Survey to examine patterns of intimate partner violence for 40 metropolitan statistical areas (MSAs) over a 16-year period (1989-2004). We analyze the data using three-level multilevel models, with individual respondents (N = 487,166) nested within years, nested within MSAs. Net of other important individual and contextual factors, the results show that women's likelihood of victimization is significantly lower in MSAs that employ more sworn officers per capita, whereas the states' mandatory arrest laws are not found to have significant independent effects. Above and beyond the effects of police force size, we also find a significant negative relationship between the size of the social service workforce and intimate partner violence. Future research should develop collaborative data collection efforts to examine the specific activities of police and social service workers in dealing with intimate partner violence so that the mechanisms underlying these significant relationships can be understood more clearly. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Criminology is the property of Wiley-Blackwell and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Xie, M. I. N. and D. McDowall (2014). "IMPACT OF VICTIMIZATION ON RESIDENTIAL MOBILITY: EXPLAINING RACIAL AND ETHNIC PATTERNS USING THE NATIONAL CRIME VICTIMIZATION SURVEY." Criminology 52(4): 553-587.
	Criminal victimization is known to influence households' moving decisions, but theories suggest that the processes leading to a moving decision can vary across racial and ethnic groups. Drawing from current literature, we hypothesized that victimization would have a stronger effect on moving decisions for Whites than for Blacks or Hispanics, and that racial/ethnic residential segregation would moderate the impact of victimization on mobility. Using a longitudinal sample of 34,134 housing units compiled from the National Crime Victimization Survey for the 40 largest metropolitan areas in the United States (1995-2003), we found results that both support and contradict the hypotheses. Specifically, White residents display consistent evidence that victimization is a significant predictor of household mobility. Blacks and Hispanics, in contrast, are more varied in their moving behavior after victimization. In addition, significant differences exist among these groups in responses to victimization and in how mobility is influenced by residential segregation. Higher levels of residential segregation play a part in the victimization-mobility relationship among Blacks in a way that is more complex than we hypothesized. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Criminology is the property of Wiley-Blackwell and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Xu, J., et al. (2012). "Analysis on HIV/AIDS sentinel surveillance among pregnant women in Yandu District of Yancheng City 2010-2011." Occupation and Health 28(5): 578-579.
	Objective: To understand the infection status of HIV, syphilis and HCV among pregnant women in Yandu District of Yancheng City, learn the level of knowledge about HIV/AIDS prevention among them, and provide the basis for control and prevention. Methods: According to the requirements of the National HIV sentinel surveillance program, 400 pregnant women were investigated with questionnaire and serological testing respectively in 2010 and 2011. Results: The awareness rate of knowledge about HIV/AIDS prevention in pregnant women in 2010 and 2011 was respectively 60.25% (241/400) and 83.75 (335/400), HIV and HCV antibodies were not detected, and the detection rate of syphilis antibody was 1.5% and 1.0% respectively. Conclusion: AIDS and hepatitis C are at a low endemic situation among pregnant women in Yandu District, but there are multiple risk factors. It is necessary to strengthen the health education and behavioral intervention, raise the awareness rate of knowledge about HIV/AIDS prevention, reduce the fear and discrimination towards AIDS, and block the mother-infant transmission.

Xu, J., et al. (2017). "Family support, discrimination, and quality of life among ART-treated HIV-infected patients: a two-year study in China." Infectious Diseases of Poverty 6(152): (21 November 2017)-(2021 November 2017).
	Background: By September 2016, approximately 653,865 people in China were living with HIV/AIDS (PLWHA) and 492,725 people were receiving antiretroviral therapy (ART). PLWHA frequently experience discrimination in all domains of their personal and social lives. The World Health Organization includes discrimination in its list of social determinants of health factors that have been linked to poor physical and psychological health. This paper identifies the family support enjoyed and discrimination faced by people infected with HIV and examines the effect they have on patients' quality of life (QOL) as they undergo ART in China. Methods: We conducted this observational cohort study of ART-treated patients with HIV in Guangxi Province using a questionnaire survey at baseline, 6, 12, and 24 months, starting in 2010. Descriptive analysis was used to describe the demographic characteristics (e.g., age, sex, educational level, marital status, and employment status) of participants. Generalized estimating equations (GEE) were employed to examine the relationships between family support, discrimination, and QOL. Results: In the study, 90.4% (n=281) of patients received family support at baseline, here defined as the initiation of ART, 91.8% (n=244) received family support 6 months into ART, 95.5% (n=220) at 12 months, and 94.3% (n=230) at 24 months. The proportion of patients who did not feel discriminated against by their families was 87.2% (n=274) at baseline, 90.4% (n=229) 6 months into ART, 90.0% (n=210) at 12 months, and 94.5% (n=219) at 24 months. Patients' overall QOL scores were positively associated with having received family support (OR=2.74, P=0.040, 95% CI: 1.68-4.47), not feeling discriminated against by their families (OR=1.3, P=0.041, 95% CI: 1.07-1.59) or discrimination from patients themselves, including never experiencing fear of abandonment by family (OR=2.05, P=0.025, 95% CI: 1.49-2.82). Conclusions: Family support along with no or minimal discrimination was found to contribute to QOL among people infected with HIV. Their overall QOL tended to improve significantly as ART continued. This suggests that strategies meant to improve and strengthen family support, care for PLWHA, and promote HIV screening among high-risk populations should be explored by both policy makers and researchers.

Xu, L., et al. (2017). "Factors influencing antiretroviral treatment suboptimal adherence among perinatally HIV-infected adolescents in Thailand." PLoS ONE 12(2): e0172392-e0172392.
	Background: Existing studies have suggested decreased adherence and rebound in mortality in perinatally HIV-infected adolescents receiving antiretroviral therapy (ART) as compared to adults and young children. Methods: We used both quantitative and qualitative approaches to identify factors influencing adherence among perinatally infected adolescents in Thailand. We analyzed data from 568 pairs of perinatally infected adolescents (aged 12-19) and their primary caregivers in the Teens Living With Antiretrovirals (TEEWA) study, a cross-sectional survey conducted in 2010-2012. We also conducted 12 in-depth interviews in 2014 with infected adolescents or their primary caregivers to elicit experiences of living with long-term ART. Results: From the quantitative analysis, a total of 275 (48.4%) adolescents had evidence of suboptimal adherence based on this composite outcome: adolescents self-reported missing doses in the past 7 days, caregiver rating of overall adherence as suboptimal, or latest HIV-RNA viral load ≥1000 copies/ml. In multivariate logistic regression analysis, younger age, having grandparents or extended family members as the primary caregiver, caregiver-assessed poor intellectual ability, having a boy/girlfriend, frequent online chatting, self-reported unhappiness and easiness in asking doctors questions were significantly associated with suboptimal adherence. From the in-depth interviews, tensed relationships with caregivers, forgetfulness due to busy schedules, and fear of disclosing HIV status to others, especially boy/girlfriends, were important contributors to suboptimal adherence. Social and emotional support and counseling from peer group was consistently reported as a strong adherence-promoting factor. Conclusion: Our findings highlight unique barriers of ART adherence among the perinatally infected adolescents. Future interventions should be targeted at helping adolescents to improve interpersonal relationships and build adaptive skills in recognizing and addressing challenging situations related to ART taking.

Xu, Z., et al. (2010). "Epidemiological analysis on rabies surveillance in China from 2006 to 2008." Disease Surveillance 25(5): 360-364.
	Objective: To summarize the human rabies epidemiological characteristics and the factors influencing the epidemic by analyzing rabies surveillance data in China from 2006 to 2008. Methods: The data of rabies epidemic in China were collected from National Disease Reporting Information System and National Rabies Surveillance System from 2006 to 2008 to conduct descriptive analysis. Results: From 2006 to 2008, the increase of rabies incidence in China, which had lasted for 10 years, began to stop and decline despite some provinces still with severe epidemic. The cases mainly occurred in southern and middle eastern parts of China, the rabies cases in Guangxi, Guizhou, Guangdong and Hunan accounted for 52.8% of the national total. In this 3 years, up to 31.2% of the counties (districts) in China reported rabies cases. The cases among farmers, students and pre-school aged children accounted for 66.2%, 14.7% and 6.8% of the total cases respectively. The incidence rates of children and elder people were higher than other age groups, and the cases in age group of 40-60 years accounted for 44.3% of the total. Among the 1604 cases reported through National Rabies Surveillance System, 93.8% were caused by the exposure to dog or cat, 21.8% did self wound care, and 12.7% received vaccination. Totally 55.8% of the cases were classified as grade III exposure and 5.3% of them were administrated rabies immunoglobulin (RIG) or anti-serum. The median of dog density was 15.0/100 persons and immunization rate of dogs was 12.0%. The amount of animal-bite victims visiting the rabies clinics under surveillance was found obviously increased, the people exposed to dog accounted for 83.0% and those exposed to cat accounted for 12.7%. The self wound care rate was 15.7% and the wound care rate in clinics was 85.7%, which decreased as the self wound care rate increased. Over 95.0% of the people exposed received vaccination in most rabies clinics and 33.1% of the people with grade III exposure were administrated RIG or anti-serum. The proportion of exposure grades varied by clinics and years. Conclusion: From 2006 to 2008, the increase of the incidence of human rabies in China began to stop and decline, Most rabies cases were reported in rural area, and children and middle-aged people were mostly affected. Dog and cat remained the most important host animals of rabies in China. The high dog density and low immunization rate in rural area and poor post-exposure prophylaxis were the main reasons of high incidence of rabies in China, although the situation was better now, The clinicians' ability on post-exposure prophylaxis still needs to be improved. The training on post-exposure prophylaxis remains to be the priority to improve the prevention and control of rabies.

Yang, H., et al. (2015). "Community mental health status six months after the Sewol ferry disaster in Ansan, Korea." Epidemiology and Health 37: e2015046-e2015046.
	OBJECTIVES: The disaster of the Sewol ferry that sank at sea off Korea's southern coast of the Yellow Sea on April 16, 2014 was a tragedy that brought grief and despair to the whole country. The aim of this study was to evaluate the mental health effects of this disaster on the community of Ansan, where most victims and survivors resided. METHODS: The self-administered questionnaire survey was conducted 4 to 6 months after the accident using the Korean Community Health Survey system, an annual nationwide cross-sectional survey. Subjects were 7,076 adults (≥19 years) living in two victimized communities in Ansan, four control communities from Gyeonggi-do, Jindo and Haenam near the accident site. Depression, stress, somatic symptoms, anxiety, and suicidal ideation were measured using the Center for Epidemiologic Studies-Depression Scale, Brief Encounter Psychosocial Instrument, Patient Health Questionnaire-15, and Generalized Anxiety Disorder 7-Item Scale, respectively. RESULTS: The depression rate among the respondents from Ansan was 11.8%, and 18.4% reported suicidal ideation. Prevalence of other psychiatric disturbances was also higher compared with the other areas. A multiple logistic regression analysis revealed significantly higher odds ratios (ORs) in depression (1.66; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.36 to 2.04), stress (1.37; 95% CI, 1.10 to 1.71), somatic symptoms (1.31; 95% CI, 1.08 to 1.58), anxiety (1.82; 95% CI, 1.39 to 2.39), and suicidal ideation (1.33; 95% CI, 1.13 to 1.56) compared with Gyeonggi-do. In contrast, the accident areas of Jindo and Haenam showed the lowest prevalence and ORs. CONCLUSIONS: Residents in the victimized area of Ansan had a significantly higher prevalence of psychiatric disturbances than in the control communities.

Yang, J. Z., et al. (2014). "Incidence and cost of sexual violence in Iowa." American Journal of Preventive Medicine 47(2): 198-202.
	Background: Sexual violence is a serious and costly public health problem. Current research that systematically documents the broad range of economic costs of sexual violence is lacking. Purpose: To estimate the incidence and costs of sexual violence in Iowa in 2009. Methods: Using data obtained from population surveys, six Iowa government agencies, and other sources, we estimated sexual violence incidence, costs per incident, and total costs in 2009 dollars, by age and sexual violence category, and for various cost elements. We calculated direct costs of medical care, mental health care, property damage, victim services, investigation, adjudication, and sanctioning, as well as indirect costs for lost work and quality of life. We collected data in 2010-2011 and completed analysis in 2013. Results: In 2009, an estimated 55,340 individuals experienced sexual violence in Iowa, including 49,510 adults and 5,930 children. Nearly three of every four victims were women. The estimated total cost of sexual violence in 2009 was $4.7 billion, equating to $1,580 per resident. This estimate included $4.44 billion in indirect costs and $265 million in direct costs. In the same year, the government spent an estimated $100.6 million as a result of sexual violence in Iowa, more than half of which ($55.3 million) was spent on perpetrators and little ($0.9 million) on prevention. Conclusions: The economic costs of sexual violence are high for individuals and society. Cost information can help identify the burden of sexual violence relative to other social problems in Iowa and prioritize funding for prevention and intervention.

Yang, T. C., et al. (2011). "Individual health care system distrust and neighborhood social environment: how are they jointly associated with self-rated health?" Journal of Urban Health: Bulletin of the New York Academy of Medicine 88(5): 945-958.
	Americans' distrust in the health care system has increased in the past decades; however, little research has explored the impact of distrust on self-rated health and even less is known about whether neighborhood social environment plays a role in understanding the relationship between distrust and self-rated health. This study fills these gaps by investigating both the direct and moderating associations of neighborhood social environment with self-rated health. Our analysis is based on the 2008 Philadelphia Health Management Corporation's household survey and neighborhood-level data. Findings from multilevel logistic regression show that after controlling for individual- and neighborhood-level covariates, distrust is directly and adversely related to self-rated health, and that neighborhood social affluence and stability are directly and negatively associated with the odds of reporting poor/fair health. Neighborhood disadvantage and crime rates are not directly related to self-rated health, but increase the odds of having poor/fair health via distrust. Overall, our results suggest that macro-level actions can alter individual's perception of residential environment and lead to improved health. To improve the public health in an urban setting, rebuilding confidence in the health care system is integral, and the policies that help establish safe and cohesive neighborhoods may reduce the adverse effect of distrust on self-rated health.

Yapp, E. J. and E. Quayle (2018). "A systematic review of the association between rape myth acceptance and male-on-female sexual violence." Aggression & Violent Behavior 41: 1-19.
	Rape myth acceptance is considered an established risk factor for male-on-female sexual violence, and is therefore the target of a number of primary prevention programmes. However, there is not a clear evidence base substantiating the role of rape myth acceptance in sexual violence, nor any reviews of recent literature. This review systematically searched relevant Psychology and Social Science databases in Autumn 2016, in order to collate cross-sectional and longitudinal research on the association between rape myth acceptance and self-reported sexual violence. The analysis established associations between these variables in all but one study (Warren, Swan, & Allen, 2015), and two longitudinal studies demonstrated that rape myth acceptance differentiates non-perpetrators from those who go on to exhibit sexual violence behaviours. These findings provide support for the targeting of rape myth acceptance in primary prevention strategies. However, a number of failings within this literature were also identified: instruments used to analyse rape myth acceptance were widely varied; the comprehensiveness of study reporting was universally flawed; measures were rarely taken to ensure participants were heterosexual men; and there remains a dearth of longitudinal evidence, as well as a lack of research outside of the United States. Future directions and other limitations are discussed. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Aggression & Violent Behavior is the property of Pergamon Press - An Imprint of Elsevier Science and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Yildirim, A., et al. (2013). "Prevalence and correlates of school violence and sexual abuse among adolescents in Tokat, Turkey." Healthmed 7(2): 382-392.
	The aims of this cross-sectional study were to determine the prevalence and correlates of school violence and sexual abuse among adolescents in Tokat-Turkey. The study is based on a sample of 5032 students in grade 6-8 in all schools of Tokat city in Turkey. The instrument used in the study was a Turkish translation of the ICAST-C developed by SPCAN. Students were subjected to physical (57.0%), psychological (59.8%), and sexual (6.4%) abuse with varying frequencies. A large majority (73.4%) of students experienced one or more of the types of violence. All types of violent behaviors were more common among male than female students and were experienced significantly more frequently in urban areas than in villages or districts. To address violence against students, we must first conduct nationwide studies to provide a more definitive picture of incidence and prevalence rates and to clarify relevant risk and protective factors. Second, to ensure the accuracy of the data, specific guidelines and questionnaires are needed. Third, the deleterious consequences of violence must be explained to achieve greater public awareness about victimization in schools. Fourth, the authorities must ensure and reinforce the safety and rights of children by enacting strict laws against violence and abuse.

Ylmaz, S., et al. (2010). "A population-based survey on the incidence of burn injuries in Sivas-Turkey. / Sivas'ta alan taramasyla yank insidansnn arastrlmas." Türkiye Klinikleri tp Bilimleri Dergisi 30(5): 1552-1560.
	Objective: A nation-wide or provincei wide population-based survey for the determination of the burn incidence has not yet been performed in Turkey. The aim of this study was to determine the burn incidence, to describe and analyze the features of the burn trauma and burn victims. Material and Methods: Cluster sampling technique was used. The sample consisted of 8107 people in 34 clusters (24 urban, 10 rural), each having 53 households. Face to face interviews with the selected households were performed by the senior residents from the Plastic Surgery Department of Cumhuriyet University Hospital during the spring, summer and fall months in 2008. A detailed form was filled for the subjects who had a burn history. Information was sought on any burn injury deeper than first degree that had a surface area of at least 2×2 cm, and lasted more than one week to heal. Results: The annual burn incidence in Sivas province was found to be 3.70 per 1000 people (%95 CI: 2.35-5.05 per 1000). Burn incidence rate was higher among those aged ≤7 years than the others (p&lt;0.001). Two thirds of burn injuries that occurred in the previous year, and 80% of the burns in the year before were caused by hot water or a hot liquid, mostly from a tea pot. Among the burn injuries 2.37% had a surface area of ≥20%. Conclusion: This study appears to be the first one that estimated the burn injury incidence and described some of its epidemiological characteristics for the whole population of a province in Turkey.

Yoon, Y., et al. (2019). "Association of cyberbullying involvement with subsequent substance use among adolescents." Journal of Adolescent Health 65(5): 613-620.
	Purpose: Adolescent involvement in cyberbullying is common and involves several roles (witness, perpetrator, or victim). Whether different cyberbullying roles are differentially associated with substance use is unknown. The present study examined the associations of adolescent cyberbullying involvement with use and polyuse of various substances. Methods: A longitudinal cohort of students in Los Angeles, California (N=2,768) completed surveys at baseline (10th grade, 2014, mean age=15.5 years) and 12-month follow-up (11th grade, 2015). Five mutually exclusive cyberbullying roles were identified at baseline - no involvement; witness only; witness and victim; witness and perpetrator; and witness, victim, and perpetrator. Past 6-month use of nine substances and poly-use of multiple substances were assessed at baseline and follow-up. Results: Most students (52.2%) were involved in &gt;1 cyberbullying roles. Relative to no involvement, all cyberbullying roles, including witnessing only, were associated with increased odds of using most substances and polysubstance use at follow-up, after adjusting for sociodemographics and baseline substance use (odds ratios: 1.44 [95% confidence interval: 1.18-1.76] to 5.24 [2.73-10.05]). Relative to the witness-only role, students involved in all three roles were at greater odds of using several substances at follow-up (odds ratios: 1.47 [95% confidence interval: 1.05-2.05] to 2.96 [1.60-5.50]). Conclusions: Cyberbullying involvement, even witnessing, may be associated with future substance use in adolescence. All cyberbullying roles warrant consideration in understanding and preventing youth substance use.

Yu, C. H., et al. (2017). "A Triangulated and Exploratory Study of the Relationships Between Secularization, Religiosity, and Social Wellbeing." Social Indicators Research 131(3): 1103-1119.
	By comparing mainly religious America and secular Europe, several scholars (e.g. Harris, Paul, and Zuckerman) suggested a strong correlation between secularization (non-religiosity) and social well-being. The authors of this paper argue that the preceding thesis may be too simplistic and Western-centric. Without attempting to affirm any specific hypothesis, these authors employed exploratory data analysis and data visualization to unveil patterns found in worldwide data, including the 2013 United Nations Human Development Report, the 2014 Gallup's Global Wellbeing Index, and the 2013 World Values Survey. It was found that the relationship between secularization and social well-being is not straightforward or clear-cut. In some cases, secularization or lack of religiosity is seemingly linked to better quality of life (e.g. disbelief and inequality-adjusted human development index), while in other cases, the relationship is reversed (e.g. skepticism and adolescent birth rate). In most situations there is no association at all.

Yun, H.-J., et al. (2016). "The Mediating Roles of Adolescent Disclosure and Parental Knowledge in the Association Between Parental Warmth and Delinquency Among Korean Adolescents." Journal of Child & Family Studies 25(8): 2395-2404.
	The purpose of this study was to examine the association between parental warmth and adolescent delinquency, the potential mediating roles of adolescent disclosure and parental knowledge, and gender differences in such association among Korean adolescents. We hypothesized that (1) parental warmth would be significantly and negatively associated with delinquency, (2) adolescent disclosure and parental knowledge would mediate the association between parental warmth and adolescent delinquency, and (3) the association between parental warmth and adolescent delinquency mediated through adolescent disclosure and parental knowledge would be stronger for adolescent girls than boys. Using a sample of 3125 Korean adolescents from nationally representative and longitudinal data (Korea Youth Panel Survey), results from path analyses demonstrated that findings were consistent with US samples, suggesting a negative association between parental warmth and adolescent delinquency. Further, when Korean adolescents perceived parents to be warmer, they were more likely to disclose personal information to their parents. In turn, higher levels of disclosure were associated with higher levels of parental knowledge about their adolescent children's activities. Finally, tests of gender differences suggested that parental warmth was more closely associated with adolescent disclosure among girls than boys. Results supported a process model through which parents may shape adolescent children's delinquency. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Journal of Child & Family Studies is the property of Springer Nature and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Yur'yev, A. and E. Akerele (2016). "Socio-demographic Characteristics of Individuals with History of Crack Cocaine Use in the US General Population." Community Mental Health Journal 52(8): 1043-1046.
	This study explores socio-demographic characteristics of individuals with history of crack cocaine use. Data from the 29th Round of General Social Survey was used. Respondents with history of crack cocaine use were compared to respondents without such history. T test was applied to identify differences between groups. Approximately 6 % of respondents reported lifetime history of crack cocaine use. Groups with and without history of crack cocaine use differed significantly in gender, marital status, education, income distribution, employment, health perception, family and financial satisfaction, criminal history, happiness, sexual history, history of injection drug use, and HIV testing. There were no significant differences for race. The study provides insights that could improve identification and prevention of substance use disorders.

Zakane, S. A., et al. (2014). "Guidelines for maternal and neonatal "point of care": needs of and attitudes towards a computerized clinical decision support system in rural Burkina Faso." International Journal of Medical Informatics 83(6): 459-469.
	Background: In 2010, 245,000 women died due to pregnancy-related causes in sub-Saharan Africa and southern Asia. Our study is nested into the QUALMAT project and seeks to improve the quality of maternal care services through the introduction of a computerized clinical decision support system (CDSS) to help healthcare workers in rural areas. Healthcare information technology applications in low-income countries may improve healthcare provision but recent studies demonstrate unintended consequences with underuse or resistance to CDSS and that the fit between the system and the clinical needs does present challenges. Aims: To explore and describe perceived needs and attitudes among healthcare workers to access WHO guidelines using CDSS in maternal and neonatal care in rural Burkina Faso. Methods: Data were collected with semi-structured interviews in two rural districts in Burkina Faso with 45 informants. Descriptive statistics were used for the analysis of the quantitative part of the interview corresponding to informants' background. Qualitative data were analyzed using manifest content analysis. Results: Four main findings emerged: (a) an appreciable willingness among healthcare workers for and a great interest to adapt and use modern technologies like computers to learn more in the workplace, (b) a positive attitude to easy access of guidelines and implementation of decision-support using computers in the workplace, (c) a fear that the CDSS would require more working time and lead to double-work, and (d) that the CDSS is complicated and requires substantial computer training and extensive instructions to fully implement. Conclusions: The findings can be divided into aspects of motivators and barriers in relation to how the CDSS is perceived and to be used. These aspects are closely connected to each other as the motivating aspects can easily be turned into barriers if not taken care of properly in the final design, during implementation and maintenance of the CDSS at point of care.

Zakrevski, Y. N., et al. (2013). "Characteristics of damages in rescuees and victims in river shipwrecks." Ekologiya Cheloveka / Human Ecology(1): 59-64.
	The structure of traumatism and damages in 441 victims of river shipwrecks in 1983-2012 has been studied. The main types of damages in 172 rescuees in the river shipwrecks were light supercoolings (65.1%), isolated, multiple and concomitant mechanical traumas (23.8%), combined mechanical-cold traumas (7.6%), combined mechanicalburn damages (3.5%). Among 269 victims, the reasons of the lethal outcomes were drowning (68.4%), mechanical damages (17.1%), combined mechanical-cold traumas (10.4%), combined mechanical-burn traumas (4.1%). In the structure of the mechanical damages, combined twofactor mechanical-cold and mechanical-burn traumas among the rescued persons, there dominated light mechanical traumas and light cold traumas (29.3%), and serious mechanical traumas (23.1%) dominated among the victims.

Zaleski, M., et al. (2010). "Intimate partner violence and alcohol consumption. / Violência entre parceiros íntimos e consumo de álcool." Revista de Saúde Pública 44(1): 53-59.
	OBJECTIVE: To estimate the prevalence of intimate partner violence and alcohol consumption during episodes of violence. METHODS: Cross-sectional study with a multi-stage probability sample, representative of the Brazilian population. Sample was comprised of 1,445 men and women, married or cohabitating, interviewed between November 2005 and April 2006. Interviews were conducted in the interviewees' homes, using a standardized closed questionnaire. Rates of prevalence of intimate partner violence were estimated and chi-square tests were used to assess gender differences in this prevalence. RESULTS: General prevalence of intimate partner violence was 10.7% in men and 14.6% in women. Men consumed alcohol in 38.1% of cases and women in 9.2%. As regards perception of alcohol consumption by intimate partner, men reported their female partners consumed alcohol in 30.8% of episodes of violence, while women reported that their male partners consumed it in 44.6% of episodes. CONCLUSIONS: Women were more frequently involved in mild and serious episodes of violence (perpetration, victimization or both) than men. The fact that episodes of violence reported were four times more frequent in intoxicated men enables the assumption that prevention of intimate partner violence may be promoted by public policies aimed at reducing alcohol consumption.

Zaleski, M., et al. (2010). "Intimate Partner Violence and Contribution of Drinking and Sociodemographics: The Brazilian National Alcohol Survey." Journal of interpersonal violence 25(4): 648-665.
	Purpose: To estimate prevalence rates of intimate partner violence (IPV) among Brazilian couples and to assess the contribution of drinking and sociodemographic factors to the risk of IPV. Methods: A sample consisting of 1,445 married or cohabitating males and females in the Brazilian population was interviewed. The survey response rate was 66%. Results: The analyses indicate 10.7% and 14.6% prevalence, respectively for male-to-female and female-to-male IPV. Males were drinking in 38.1% of IPV events and females in 9.2%. The male's partner was drinking in 30.8% and the females' partner in 44.6% of IPV acts. Bivariate associations between violence and sociodemographics were found for age groups, household monthly income and educational level. Logistic regression analysis indicate that younger age for both male and female partners, men with no religious affiliation and women who are homemakers are significant predictors of violence. Conclusion: This survey provides important information to further IPV research in Brazil. [Reprinted by permission of Sage Publications Inc., copyright holder.]

Zamparutti, G., et al. (2011). "Deaths of opiate/opioid misusers involving dihydrocodeine, UK, 1997-2007." British Journal of Clinical Pharmacology 72(2): 330-337.
	AIMS: Although its effectiveness is somewhat controversial, it appears that dihydrocodeine (DHC) is still prescribed in the UK as an alternative to both methadone and buprenorphine for the treatment of opiate addiction. METHODS: Data covering the period 1997-2007 voluntarily supplied by coroners were analysed. All cases pertaining to victims with a clear history of opiate/opioid misuse and in which DHC, either on its own or in combination, was identified at post-mortem toxicology and/or implicated in death, were extracted from the database. RESULTS: Dihydrocodeine, either alone or in combination, was identified in 584 fatalities meeting the selection criteria. In 44% of cases it was directly implicated in the cause of death. These cases represented about 6.8% of all opiate/opioid-related deaths during this period. Typical DHC cases identified were White males in their early thirties. Accidental deaths (96%) were likely to involve DHC in combination with other psychoactives, mainly heroin/morphine, hypnotics/sedatives and methadone. Both paracetamol and antidepressants were found in proportionately more suicide cases than in accidental overdoses. DHC had been prescribed to the decedent in at least 45% of cases. CONCLUSIONS: Opiate/opioid misusers should be educated about risks associated with polydrug intake. More in particular, co-administration of DHC with heroin, methadone and benzodiazepines may increase the risk of accidental fatal overdose. Prescribers should carefully consider pharmacological intervention alternative to DHC (e.g. methadone, buprenorphine) when managing and treating opiate addiction. More resources are required to do prospective research in this area.

Zapolski, T. C. B., et al. (2018). "Peer victimization and substance use: understanding the indirect effect of depressive symptomatology across gender." Addictive Behaviors 84: 160-166.
	Objective: Peer victimization in school is common, with emerging literature suggesting that it may also increase risk for substance abuse. Yet, little is known about the underlying mechanisms within this risk pathway. The objective of this study is to use a prospective 3-wave design to examine the mediating role of depressive symptomatology on the relationship between peer victimization and substance use, as well as examine if the pathway varies based on gender. Method: 801 youth between 6th and 12th grade completed surveys across three years, which included measures on school peer victimization, depression symptomatology and substance use. Models tested the mediational pathway between victimization, depressive symptoms, and substance use. Models were stratified by gender. Results: Controlling for grade and the effect of each variable across waves, a significant indirect effect of peer victimization on substance use through depressive symptoms was found for females, with a non-significant indirect effect for males. Conclusion: Results suggest that female youth who are victimized by peers engage in substance use behaviors, at least in part, due to increases in depressive symptoms. Given its effect on depression, female victims may therefore benefit from coping skills training that targets emotion regulation and distress tolerance skills in order to combat increased risk for substance use behaviors as a coping response to their victimization. Further research is warranted to better understand the risk pathway for male youth who also experience peer victimization.

Zauberman, R. and P. Robert (2011). "Les enquetes de victimation en Europe. (Victimization Surveys in Europe. With English summary.)." Economie et Statistique(448-449): 89-105.
	Over the past quarter-century, victimization and insecurity surveys have grown substantially but in highly variable proportions in European countries. Questionnaires are now nearly standardized for victimization, but not for insecurity. Protocols used for the latter topic are not very standardized and have often been severely criticized. The robustness of the surveys notably depends on sample size (too small, in certain countries, to provide sufficiently narrow confidence intervals) and on the instrument's stability over time. Without stability, it is hard to determine if a change in results reflects the actual situation or is merely the artefact of an uncontrolled change in the instrument. Only a handful of countries incorporate the surveys into a decision-making assistance and policy-assessment system. In such countries, excessive instrumentalization can heavily undermine the surveys' basic purposes, which are to measure and gather information on crime. In other countries, instead, surveys play a minor role in measuring crime by comparison with police statistics. Even though many national, regional, and local governments have commissioned such surveys, they have trouble exploiting the results. Lastly, the future of the surveys is threatened by the rise in non-response rates, which cannot be curbed except at additional cost. Scientific research studies based on the surveys are still, on the whole, too insubstantial. One of the main reasons is the small number of researchers capable of working on quantitative data while drawing on the findings of the sociology of crime. This is regrettable, because such scientific studies could shed new light on crime. They should be expanded, even in the countries that conduct the largest number today. Besides improving the quality of the surveys themselves, an increase in such studies would prevent misinterpretations and misuse.

Zaussinger, S. and B. Terzieva (2018). "Fear of Stigmatisation among Students with Disabilities in Austria." Social Inclusion 6(4): 182-193.
	In Austria, 12% of all students in higher education report a disability that, at least somewhat, limits their study activities. As they still face many barriers throughout their studies, support services play a key part in their academic success. However, data from the Austrian Student Social Survey demonstrate that every second student with a disability is reluctant to contact fellow students, lecturers, or institutional support in case of study-related difficulties. One in four students with disabilities does not seek any assistance because of stigmatisation fear. With respect to these tendencies, our article examines factors that promote or inhibit the reluctance of students with disabilities to seek support due to fear of stigmatisation. For this purpose, we construct a binary indicator of stigma fear, which encompasses items concerning social isolation or drawbacks to academic opportunities, inhibitions about contacting people or disclosing one’s disability. In a regression model, we identify influential factors such as noticeability of disability and degree of study-related limitations as well as social factors like the feeling of anonymity and sense of belonging.

Zaw, K., et al. (2016). "Race, Wealth and Incarceration: Results from the National Longitudinal Survey of Youth." Race and Social Problems 8(1): 103-115.
	Issue Title: Special Issue on Race and Wealth Using the 1979 cohort of the National Longitudinal Study of Youth to explore the interwoven links between race, wealth and incarceration, this study examines the data on race and wealth status before and after incarceration. Data indicate that although higher levels of wealth were associated with lower rates of incarceration, the likelihood of future incarceration still was higher for blacks at every level of wealth compared to the white likelihood, as well as the Hispanic likelihood, which fell below the white likelihood for some levels of wealth. Further, we find that racial wealth gaps existed among those who would be incarcerated in the future and also among the previously incarcerated.

Zhan, W. H., et al. (2013). "History of childhood abuse, sensation seeking, and intimate partner violence under/not under the influence of a substance: a cross-sectional study in Russia." PLoS ONE 8(7): e68027-e68027.
	Objectives: To examine correlates of perpetration and victimization of intimate partner violence (IPV) under and not under the influence of a substance, we conducted a study among women in Russia. Methods: In 2011, a cross-sectional survey was conducted among patients receiving services at a clinic for sexually transmitted infections in St. Petersburg, Russia. Multinomial logistic regression was used for analysis. Results: Of 299 women, 104 (34.8%) and 113 (37.8%) reported a history of IPV perpetration and victimization, respectively. Nearly half (47.1%) of perpetrators and 61.1% of victims reported that the latest IPV event (perpetration and victimization, respectively) was experienced under the influence of a substance. Factors independently associated with IPV victimization under the influence of a substance were alcohol misuse and a higher number of lifetime sex partners, whereas only experience of childhood abuse (emotional and physical abuse) was independently associated with IPV victimization that did not occur under the influence of a substance. Childhood physical abuse, lower age of first sex, sensation seeking, and alcohol misuse were independently associated with IPV perpetration under the influence of a substance, while only childhood abuse (emotional and physical abuse) was independently associated with IPV perpetration that did not occur under the influence of a substance. Conclusions: IPV under and not under the influence of a substance had different correlates (e.g., alcohol misuse and sensation seeking). Despite the strong association between substance use and IPV, experience of childhood abuse is an important predictor of IPV perpetration and victimization in Russia, above and beyond substance use.

Zhang, H. P., et al. (2017). "Health Status and Risk Behaviors of Sexual Minorities Among Chinese Adolescents: A School-Based Survey." Journal of Homosexuality 64(3): 382-396.
	This study aimed to examine the association between sexual orientation and health disparities among a stratified random sample of 3776 secondary students in Hong Kong. The prevalence of homosexuality and bisexuality were 1.5% and 2.6% in boys and 1.8% and 3.7% in girls, respectively. A total of 10.7% of boys and 8.8% of girls were unsure of their sexual orientation. Homosexual and bisexual boys reported poorer physical and mental health than their heterosexual peers. Homosexual and bisexual boys were more likely to engage in smoking, frequent drinking, and vaginal sex and be subjected to sexually transmitted disease and sexual victimization. However, lesbian and bisexual girls were less likely to engage in risky health behaviors except for smoking and being subjected to sexual victimization. There is a gender-specific problem that may warrant prevention and intervention programs to address the unique health issues facing homosexual and bisexual adolescents in Hong Kong.

Zhang, S., et al. (2015). "Knowledge of human papillomavirus vaccination and related factors among parents of young adolescents: a nationwide survey in China." Annals of Epidemiology 25(4): 231-235.
	Purpose: To investigate the human papillomavirus (HPV) vaccine - related knowledge and factors associated with the knowledge among parents of young adolescents in China. Methods: The study was based on data of a survey carried out in seven geographic regions of China. Parents of students in junior middle school were surveyed during parents' meetings. Results: A total of 2895 parents were included in the analyses. Of parents, 38.3% responded with "yes" to more than three of the six knowledge questions, among whom only 4.5% of them correctly answered all six questions. Social benefit programs (41.3%), doctors and/or nurses (39.7%), and newspapers and/or magazines (36.5%) were selected as the top three sources of HPV-related knowledge. Mothers, parents who work in the health care sector, and parents with a higher annual income or with vaccination experience outside the expanded program on immunization showed a better knowledge base. Parents who consented to sex education for children or showed fear of cervical cancer were likely to have more HPV-related knowledge. In particular, the knowledge level of parents with prior consultation regarding HPV vaccines was higher. Conclusions: Parents of young adolescents in China possessed a low level of HPV vaccine-related knowledge. Findings highlight the need for tailored health education through different channels to improve HPV-related knowledge among parents.

Zhang, X., et al. (2015). "Cross-sectional study on the AIDS related knowledge, attitudes and behaviors in the migrant construction worker in Wuhu area." Acta Academiae Medicinae Wannan 34(1): 90-93.
	Objective: To understand the perception of the migrant construction workers on the knowledge, attitudes and behaviors towards HIV/AIDS for supplying evidences with health education for this population group. Methods: By convenient cluster sampling, we conducted a survey on 445 migrant construction worker on their knowledge, attitudes and behaviors towards HIV/AIDS. Results: Although 39.1% of the respondents had the awareness on HIV/AIDS, only 24.7% understood that the 'mosquito bites could not spread AIDS'. Logistic regression analysis showed that the positive factors to obtain HIV/AIDS knowledge were associated with longer working experiences, better educational background, interest in newspaper and book reading as well as availability of free publicity materials. Only 36.6% of construction workers were willing to make friends with HIV/AIDS victims, and discrimination perception towards the HIV/AIDS sufferers most occurred in the respondents with poorer awareness (r=0.356, P=0.000). 13.4% of construction workers had the first sexual attempt at 18 years of age or less, and 21.6% had sex partner more than one. 10.0% of respondents confessed that they had had commercial sex in the past one year, and 56.0% had never used the condom in such sex trade. Conclusion: Our findings suggest that awareness of HIV/AIDS is poorer in the migrant construction workers, who posses discrimination conception towards the HIV/AIDS victims, especially this population group themselves have higher risks to spread HIV/AIDS.

Zhang, Z., et al. (2011). "One year later: mental health problems among survivors in hard-hit areas of the Wenchuan earthquake." Public Health 125(5): 293-300.
	Objectives: To investigate the prevalence of probable post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD), anxiety and depression, and to identify risk factors related to these mental disorders among hard-hit survivors 1 year after the earthquake in Wenchuan, China. Study design: Cross-sectional survey. Methods: A door-to-door survey covering the entire temporary community was undertaken to investigate 1195 adult earthquake survivors. The survey instruments included a questionnaire determining exposure to the earthquake, the PTSD Checklist-Civilian Version (PCL-C), the Hopkins Symptoms Checklist-25 (HSCL-25), and the Perceived Social Support Scale (PSSS). Univariate and multivariate logistic regression analyses were undertaken to examine potential risk factors. Results: The prevalence rates of probable PTSD, anxiety and depression were 26.3%, 49.8% and 49.6%, respectively. Risk factors varied between the disorders. Among middle-aged and elderly people, bodily injury, loss of livelihood and initial fear during the earthquake were independently and significantly associated with all three mental disorders, while female gender was independently and significantly associated with PTSD and depression. Conclusions: PTSD, anxiety and depression remained at an elevated level among survivors in hard-hit regions 1 year after the earthquake in Wenchuan. The groups at high risk of mental problems should be specifically attended.

Zhou, A., et al. (2010). "Analysis of surveillance data on outbreaks of foodborne diseases during 2000-2009 in Ningbo." Disease Surveillance 25(8): 623-626.
	Objective: To explore the epidemiological characteristics of foodborne disease outbreaks in Ningbo and provide the scientific and reliable basis for establishment of rigorous prevention mechanisms. Methods: Data on foodborne diseases reported through the public health emergency information management system in Ningbo from 2000 to 2009 were retrospectively analyzed. Results: A total of 112 outbreaks of foodborne diseases were reported in Ningbo from 2000 to 2009, involving 3759 patients and 8 deaths. The largest portion of events and affected victims was caused by microbial pathogens, accounting for 69.64% and 87.15%, respectively. Salmonella typhi and paratyphi (34.72%) and Vibrio parahaemolyticus (17.27%) were the main culprits. Conclusion: The incidence of foodborne disease outbreaks showed an overall declining trend after 2006. The health authority should strength the surveillance and management of foodborne diseases, actively publicize food hygiene knowledge via any possible means and encourage the citizens to get out of the poor dietary habit of consuming raw seafood such as shellfish.

Zhou, Y., et al. (2013). "Do Chinese parents with HIV tell their children the truth? A qualitative preliminary study of parental HIV disclosure in China." Child: Care, Health and Development 39(6): 816-824.
	Background With the extended lifespan of people living with human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) due to the advent of antiretroviral therapy, the disclosure of HIV serostatus to their uninfected children is becoming more critical. However, limited data are available regarding parental HIV disclosure to children in China. We explore patterns of parental HIV disclosure and the reasons for disclosure or non-disclosure to children. Methods A preliminary study was conducted using open-ended questions in Guangxi, China in 2011 with 39 parents living with HIV. Results A majority of participants (77%) had not disclosed their HIV serostatus to their children. Participants who voluntarily disclosed tended to be older and were more likely to disclose to their adult children. Among parents who disclosed, reasons included a need for emotional and financial support, as well as feelings of obligation to their children. Among non-disclosing parents, primary reasons included concerns that children were too young to understand, fear of being stigmatized, and fear of increased psychological burden to children. Conclusions Few parents with HIV disclosed their HIV status to their children. These data indicate the need for future research to explore disclosure issues in relation to children's age and the implementation of developmentally appropriate interventions and support systems for parents and children affected by HIV in China.

Zijl, S. v., et al. (2010). "A survey to assess knowledge and acceptability of the intrauterine device in the Family Planning Services in Cape Town, South Africa." Journal of Family Planning and Reproductive Health Care 36(2): 73-78.
	Introduction: Despite reliable evidence of the safety and effectiveness of intrauterine devices (IUDs), this contraceptive method remains under-utilised in many countries due to persistent fears that it causes pelvic infection. The aim of this study was to assess the knowledge and acceptability of IUDs among clients and providers in our family planning services and to attempt to identify barriers to use. Methods: A descriptive cross-sectional survey was conducted at eight family planning clinics in Cape Town, South Africa. A total of 216 clients and 30 providers from the same clinics were interviewed using structured questionnaires. Results: Awareness of the IUD among clients was low: 41% (n=88) had heard of this contraceptive method. Ever and current use were very low. Only 4% (n=9) had ever used an IUD, and three women were still using this method. Lack of knowledge was cited by many women as an obstacle to use. Among providers, factual knowledge about IUDs was limited, and infection (47%, n=14) and increased menstrual bleeding (40%, n=12) were frequently mentioned as disadvantages of the method. Discussion and conclusions: Although the IUD is available free of charge in our public sector services, it is not being utilised. Clients lacked knowledge of this method, and research evidence had not impacted on the knowledge and practice of providers. Ongoing education of both clients and providers is essential in order to improve accessibility and acceptability of this safe and effective contraceptive method.

Zito, R. C. (2019). "Institutional anomie and justification of morally dubious behavior and violence cross-nationally: A multilevel examination." Australian & New Zealand Journal of Criminology (Sage Publications Ltd.) 52(2): 250-271.
	This study draws on insights from institutional anomie theory to examine justification of morally dubious behavior and violence cross-nationally. Further, it builds on a burgeoning body of multilevel institutional anomie theory and research on crime-relevant attitudes by considering whether and how individual financial hardship intersects with anomic structural and cultural systems at the national level, acknowledging that individual responses to anomie may be contingent upon experiences with such hardships. Results from multilevel modeling using data from 74,930 World Values Survey respondents in 52 nations, the World Bank, and other organizations provide partial support for the hypotheses. Specifically, conditions of "want amid plenty," (Bjerregaard & Cochran, 2008a, p. 183) weakened family and education institutions, and monetary fetishism predict justifications cross-nationally. Moreover, economic inequality and individualism moderate the effect of financial hardship on justifications of morally dubious actions and violence, consistent with expectations. [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Australian & New Zealand Journal of Criminology (Sage Publications Ltd.) is the property of Sage Publications, Ltd. and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

Zweig, J. M., et al. (2016). "Do substance use, psychosocial adjustment, and sexual experiences vary for dating violence victims based on type of violent relationships?" Journal of School Health 86(12): 882-887.
	BACKGROUND: We examined whether substance use, psychosocial adjustment, and sexual experiences vary for teen dating violence victims by the type of violence in their relationships. We compared dating youth who reported no victimization in their relationships to those who reported being victims of intimate terrorism (dating violence involving one physically violent and controlling perpetrator) and those who reported experiencing situational couple violence (physical dating violence absent the dynamics of power and control). METHODS: This was a cross-sectional survey of 3745 dating youth from 10 middle and high schools in the northeastern United States, one third of whom reported physical dating violence. RESULTS: In general, teens experiencing no dating violence reported less frequent substance use, higher psychosocial adjustment, and less sexual activity than victims of either intimate terrorism or situational couple violence. In addition, victims of intimate terrorism reported higher levels of depression, anxiety, and anger/hostility compared to situational couple violence victims; they also were more likely to report having sex, and earlier sexual initiation. CONCLUSIONS: Youth who experienced physical violence in their dating relationships, coupled with controlling behaviors from their partner/perpetrator, reported the most psychosocial adjustment issues and the earliest sexual activity.

Zziwa, E. B., et al. (2019). "Road traffic injuries in Uganda: pre-hospital care time intervals from crash scene to hospital and related factors by the Uganda police." International Journal of Injury Control and Safety Promotion 26(2): 170-175.
	A cross-sectional survey was conducted to collect primary data prospectively on pre-hospital care time intervals of Road Traffic Crash (RTC) victims that had been rescued by the Uganda police and to determine what factors were related to those intervals. The survey was conducted between 1 May 2015 and 31 May 2015. The Police responses to 96 RTCs were recorded, but only 74 of them were considered serious enough to warrant hospital transfer, and those 74 are the subject of the analysis. Pre-hospital care time ranged between 10 and 220 min. Seventy-two per cent of the calls were completed within 1 h of call initiation. The scene to hospital transport interval was the longest with a mean of 19.07 min (SD 10.11). Activation time was the shortest interval with a mean of 4.58 min (SD 5.67). Key factors for delays included: understaffing, lack of skills and long distances. A toll-free Universal Access Number, a law mandating provision of free basic emergency medical services at every health facility and gazetting of lanes for emergency services and might decrease on pre-hospital care time and could reduce on the notification and transport time interval respectively.

Лажетиќ, Г. and А. Груевска Дракулевски (2019). "ВИКТИМОЛОГИЈАТА ВО РЕПУБЛИКА СЕВЕРНА МАКЕДОНИЈА." VICTIMOLOGY IN THE REPUBLIC OF NORTH MACEDONIA.: 1-27.
	The paper provides a general picture of the state of victimology in the country, as well as a brief analyzes of data related to victims from the official statistics on victimization, as well as, data from victims' surveys. The authors present data for certain groups of victims. Also, the authors give a brief overview of the cases of violation of the rights of victims, such as the cases of the Special Prosecution Office, the clashes in Kumanovo in "Divo Naselje" and the violence in the Macedonian Parliament ("Bloody Thursday"). The authors of the article conclude that Victimology is a relatively neglected area of criminology in the country. The data are rather scarce, so there is a need for improvements in terms of conducting surveys related to victims, as well as, pretection of their rights, support and protection. (English) [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Трудот дава општа слика за состојбата на виктимологијата во земјата, како и краткa анализa на податоци за жртвите добиени од официјалните статистички анализи, како и податоци од поединечни спроведени истражувања за жртвите. Авторите се осврнуваат на податоците и резултатите од истражувањата за виктимизација на неколку владини и невладини клучни актери вклучени во заштитата на жртвите. Авторите презентираат податоци за одредени групи жртви. Исто така, авторите даваат краток преглед на случаи на прекршување на правата на жртвите, како што се случаите на Специјалното јавно обвинителство (СЈО), судирите во Куманово во „Диво Насеље" и насилството во македонскиот Парламент („Крвавиот четврток"). Авторите на статијата заклучуваат дека виктимологијата е релативно занемарена област на криминологијата во земјата. Податоците се прилично ограничени, така што има потреба од спроведување истражувања за жртвите, унапредување на нивните права, поддршка и заштита, итн. (Russian) [ABSTRACT FROM AUTHOR]
Copyright of Macedonian Journal for Criminal Law & Criminology is the property of Macedonian Association for Criminal Law & Criminology and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use. This abstract may be abridged. No warranty is given about the accuracy of the copy. Users should refer to the original published version of the material for the full abstract. (Copyright applies to all Abstracts.)

